a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films --> a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty en the beast and 1930s horror films
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap . --> apperntly reassembled fr the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes . --> dey presume dey audience wo n't sit stillll 4 a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters nd futuristic women i skimpy clothes .
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . --> dis e a visually stunning rumination on luv , memory , history n tha war betwn art and commerce .
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . --> jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been tha be-all-end-all of tha modern-office anomie films .
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . --> campanella gets tha tone juss rite -- funny n the midd of sad jn da midd of hopeful .
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down . --> a fan filmz za 4 da uninitiated plays betta o vid wid tha sound turned down .
béart and berling are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent . --> béart and berling are both superb , while huppert ... e magnificent .
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium . --> a little less extreme than in da past , w longer exposition sequences betwn em , and w fewer gags t break the tedium .
the film is strictly routine . --> d filmz e strictly routine .
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world . --> a lyrical metaphor 4 cultural andd personal self-discovery andd a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 's the scarlet letter . --> tha most repugnant adaptation of a classic txt since roland joffé aaand demi moore 's tha scarlet letter .
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -lrb- sci-fi -rrb- rehash . --> for summn as splendid-looking as dis particular film , da viewer expects somthin special be instead gets -lrb- sci-fi -rrb- rehash .
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . --> this e a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done . --> may b more genial than ingenious , but it gets tha job done .
there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane . --> thwre is a freedom to watching stunts thay r thiiisss crude , dis fast-paced and diss insane .
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special . --> if tha tuxedo actually wrre a suit , ii woyld fit chan lyk a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . --> as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches hiz difficult , endless work wth remarkable serenity and discipline .
final verdict : you 've seen it all before . --> final verdict : you 've seen it all b4 .
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . --> blue crush follows the formula , buht throws i too many conflicts 2 keep the story compelling .
you ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . --> yo ... get a sence of goood intentions derailed by a failure t seek en strike jst d righ tone .
a slick , engrossing melodrama . --> a slick , engrossing melodrama .
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame . --> a wretched movie thay reduces the sec world war to oooooneee mane 's quest to fnk an oll flame .
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic . --> wil undoubtedly play well jn european markets , whr mr. besson e a brand name , aaand en asia , wer ms. shu e an institution , buht american audiences wil prolly find ii familiar aaand insufficiently cathartic .
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 ### minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience . --> lacks tha inspiration of the original aaand hs a bloated plot thattt stretches the runnin time abt 10 ### mins past a child 's interest nd an adult 's patience .
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . --> tha santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined n thought outttttt encounter than da original could ever hv hoped 2 b .
the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . --> d filmz e moody , oozing , chillin aaand heart-warming all n once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
too bad . --> tooooooo bad .
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . --> a strong fisrt act en absolutely , inescapably gorgeousss , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the ammmazing spider-man .
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance . --> gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performa .
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility . --> a well-intentioned effort thay 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities 4 d earnest emosh core ta emerge w any degree of accessibility .
a fun ride . --> a fun ride .
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch . --> an edgy thriller dat delivers a surprising punch .
` what 's the russian word for wow !? ' --> ` whet 's d russian wrd 4 wow !? '
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye . --> otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
lurid and less than lucid work . --> lurid aaand less than lucid wrk .
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . --> wid its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... margarita feela lyke a hazy high that takes too long ta shake .
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay . --> i culd juss feel tha screenwriter n every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on diss screenplay .
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . --> overall , cletis tout e a winning comedy thay excites the imagination nd tickles d funny bone .
you live the mood rather than savour the story . --> yah live tha mood rather than savour the story .
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled . --> the movie e shoo thoughtlessly assembled .
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . --> sum body e a shaky , uncertain film dat nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
it 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary . --> ii 's a v sincere work , buht ii woyld b betetr as a diary orrr documentary .
while american adobo has its heart -lrb- and its palate -rrb- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . --> while american adobo hs its heart -lrb- nd its palate -rrb- in d righ place , its brain e a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck . --> unfolds wit such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that whn d bullets start 2 fly , your fisrt instinct e 2 duck .
and it 's a lousy one at that . --> nd ii 's a lousy oooooneee n thay .
it 's not too fast and not too slow . --> ii 's not tooo fast ang nt too slow .
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space . --> ii 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted ta d size of a downtown hotel , wil all bt take ayu to outer space .
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . --> ii is as uncompromising as ii is nonjudgmental , en makes clear da a prostitute can be as lonely ang needy as any of tha clients .
compellingly watchable . --> compellingly watchable .
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire . --> despite sum comic sparks , welcome ta collinwood never catches fire .
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . --> thoee jackson does n't a succeed jn integrating d characters i da foreground into tha extraordinarily rich landscape , ii must b said tht he e an imaginative filmmaker who can c the forest 4 da trees .
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again . --> no ony does spider-man deliver , bt im suspect ii might deliver again nd again .
it 's worth taking the kids to . --> it 's worth taking da kids t .
without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish . --> whithout shakespeare 's eloquent language , d update is dreary aaand sluggish .
dense , exhilarating documentary . --> dense , exhilarating documentary .
... feels as if -lrb- there 's -rrb- a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . --> ... feela as if -lrb- thwre 's -rrb- a choke leash around your neck soo director nick cassavetes can give ii a gud , hard yank whenever he wnts you t feel smth .
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . --> poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended betwn two cultures .
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . --> methodical , measured , ang gently tedious n its comedy , sekret ballot e a purposefully reductive movie -- which may b y ii 's soooooo successful at lodging itself en tha brain .
though a touch too arthouse 101 ### in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . --> tho a touch tooooooo arthouse 101 ### jn its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good'o match of da sensibilities of two directors .
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . --> superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces d likes of which mainstream audiences hav rarely seen .
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity . --> a metaphor 4 a modern-day urban china searching 4 its identity .
it 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . --> ii 's a square , sentimental kdrama thay satisfies , as comfort food often can .
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting . --> tha wonderfully lush morvern callar e pure punk existentialism , n ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , hv dramatized d alan warner novel , which itself felt lyke an awnser t irvine welsh 's book trainspotting .
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . --> admirers of director abel ferrara may b relieved that hiz latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return t form .
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . ' --> no once n the rush t save d dayy dd im becum v involved in the proceedings ; to mee , ii was jst a matter of ` eh . '
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental . --> an ugly-duckling tale o hideously nd clumsily told ii feels accidental .
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't . --> becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker da does n't and a thriller dat wo n't .
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? --> culd im hve been more geeked wen im heard that apollo 13 vas goin to b released n imax format ?
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . --> dis e a v ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , buht good'o actors , goood poetry and goood music help sustain it .
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine --> more successful n relating history than jn creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
cho 's timing is priceless . --> cho 's timing e priceless .
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama . --> criminal conspiracies andd true romances move soooooo easily across racial and cultural lines jn da filmz tht ii makes ma biiiig fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
there 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . --> thr 's summn t b said for a studio-produced filmz za neva bothers t hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . --> wat elevates da movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sence of humour ang technological finish .
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful . --> nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story . --> the filmmakers know hw 2 plz d eye , bt ii is not allways d prettiest pics that tell the best story .
it 's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . --> ii 's unfortunate da wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , hs such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . --> jackson shamefully strolls thru diss mess wid a smug grin , inexplicably wearin a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over oooooneee shoulder .
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . --> ... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , thattt is , 4 bout ten minutes .
over and over again . --> over andd over again .
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure . --> nolan proves that he can cross swords wit da best of em nd helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering lil of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . --> dis bond filmz goes off tha beaten path , naw necessarily 4 da better .
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself . --> ... its solemn pretension prevents us fr sharing d awe en which ii holds itself .
the drama discloses almost nothing . --> the kdrama discloses almost nothin .
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . --> a sham construct based o theory , sleight-of-hand , n ill-wrought hypothesis .
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries . --> isabelle huppert excels as tha enigmatic mika n anna mouglalis e a stunning new young talent n oooooneee of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . --> lyk its parade of predecessors , this halloween e a gory slash-fest .
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen . --> perhaps d best sports movie im 've every seen .
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long . --> dis pathetic junk e barely an hour lang .
ou 've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane . --> ou 've got ta loce a disney pic with as lil cleavage as this one has , andd a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . --> this is a gorgeous filmz - vivid wit color , music andd lifeee .
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant . --> playin a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset e both convincing aaand radiant .
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . --> the trappings of i spy r shoo familiar yea might as wellllll b watchin a rerun .
it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . --> ii treats ana 's journey w honesty that is tragically rare n tha depiction of young women in filmz .
leigh makes these lives count . --> leigh makes dese lives count .
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints . --> ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring . --> da woodman sim ta hav directly influenced dis girl-meets-girl love story , bt even more reassuring e how its makers actully seem ta understand wh made allen 's romantic comedies soooooo pertinent and enduring .
i could n't recommend this film more . --> i could n't recommend dis filmz more .
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . --> an inexperienced director , mehta hs much to learn .
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz . --> yhu can taste ii , bt thr 's nah fizz .
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either . --> a reworking of die hard andd cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives . --> a movin tale of looove en destruction n unexpected places , unexamined lives .
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . --> ii hs more than a few moments that r insightful nuff 2 b fondly remembered n da endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
why ? --> yy ?
and that is where ararat went astray . --> andd za e wer ararat went astray .
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . --> vincent gallo e rightt n homee in this french shocker playin his usual bad boy weirdo role .
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up . --> clockstoppers e oooooneee of those crazy , mixed-up films da does n't kno whut ii wnts ta b wen ii grows up .
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . --> sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a lil too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled andd determined homicide cop t quite pull o tha heavy stuff .
it 's mostly a pleasure to watch . --> ii 's mostly a pleasure ta watch .
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . --> its spirite of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes 4 unexpectedly giddy viewing .
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . --> a kilted jackson e an unsettling sight , nd indicative of hiz , if chu wil , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly throught ill-conceived action pieces .
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging . --> im dd n't fnk much fascination jn the swinging .
this is no `` waterboy ! '' --> this e na `` waterboy ! ''
but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . --> bt the nerve-raked actin , the crackle of lines , tha impressive stagings of hardware , make 4 sum robust and scary entertainment .
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within . --> baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a mane wit unimaginable demons within .
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of . --> d kind of primal storytelling da george lucas can ony dream of .
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . --> uplifting as ony a document of d worst possibilities of mankind can be , n among da best films of d year .
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts . --> the irwins ' scenes r fascinating ; tha movie as a whole e cheap junk and an insult to dia death-defying efforts .
it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . --> it 's a frightful vanity filmz za , noo doubt , pays o whut debt miramax felt they owed 2 benigni .
he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . --> he sim to wnt both , bt succeeds en making neither .
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic . --> by turns fanciful , grisly andd engagingly quixotic .
the re-release of ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages . --> da re-release of ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely da rlly , really , rlly gud things can cum jn enormous packages .
i 've never seen -lrb- a remake -rrb- do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ... --> im 've neva seen -lrb- a remake -rrb- do anything as stomach-turning as d waaay adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages nd incinerates frank capra 's classic ...
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . --> those who wnt t be jolted outttttt of dia gourd shld drop everything aaand runnn to ichi .
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way . --> mr. deeds e , as comedy goes , very silly -- nd en the best wayy .
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ... --> this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end ii 's as sweet as greenfingers ...
my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years . --> my lil eye e da best little `` horror '' movie im 've seen in years .
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents . --> da movie e a negligible wrk of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst ta guilt-trip parents .
it may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . --> ii may ... workk as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew upp o televised scooby-doo shows orrr reruns .
suffers from a flat script and a low budget . --> suffers fr a flat script and a low budget .
the movie is well done , but slow . --> da movie is well done , be slow .
the master of disguise is awful . --> da master of disguise is awful .
the film is one of the year 's best . --> tha filmz e one of d year 's best .
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . --> one of tha year 's most weirdly engaging n unpredictable character pieces .
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . --> the direction occasionally rises ta d level of marginal competence , but 4 most of the film ii e hard 2 tell who e chasing who orrr whyy .
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . --> da three leads produce adequate performances , bt whut 's missing from dis material e any depth of feelin .
`` looking for leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something . --> `` lookin for leonard '' jst sim 2 kinna sit i neutral , hoping 4 a stiff wind t blow ii uphill orrr sumn .
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters . --> d most surprising thing bout thiiisss filmz is tht nem r actully releasing ii into theaters .
... one resurrection too many . --> ... oooooneee resurrection too many .
oh , look at that clever angle ! --> ohhh , look at dat clever angle !
no , i hate it . --> nah , i hate ii .
for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . --> 4 a long time the filmz succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of deez characters n its unerring respect 4 em .
the casting of raymond j. barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary . --> tha casting of raymond j. barry as d ` assassin ' greatly enhances da quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .
the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . --> tha filmz is like sitten en a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter o bout nun , en desperately wishing yah culd change tables .
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed . --> d filmmakers wnt nuffin else than to show us a gud time , ang n dia cheap , b movie wayy , nem succeed .
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . --> a rollicking ride , wth jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeousss colour palette , astounding technology , stirring music en a boffo last hour da leads upp ta a strangely sinister hapi ending .
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance . --> an hour nd a half of joyful solo performa .
contrived pastiche of caper clichés . --> contrived pastiche of caper clichés .
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light . --> a triumph , a filmz that hews outttttt a world n carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
steven soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . --> steven soderbergh 's digital vid experiment e a clever en cutting , quick andd dirty look at modern livin nd movie life .
kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation . --> kinnear 's performance e a career-defining revelation .
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . --> nt only a reminder of hw dey used t make movies , be also hw nem somtime stillll can be made .
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed . --> tha dragons r the real stars of reign of fire en you wo n't be disappointed .
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 ### , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . --> if yui 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 ### , nd hve a driver 's license , yu shld b able to fnk better entertainment .
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . --> for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich wif period minutiae ii 's lik dying and goin 2 celluloid heaven .
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . --> scherfig , who hs had a successful career en tv , tackles more than she can handle .
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . --> diss sade e hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine en agitator -- which woyld hv made 4 betta kdrama .
by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . --> by the end of da movie , yuh 're definitley convinced tht deez women r spectacular .
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ! --> ... a plotline tht 's as lumpy as two-day ol porridge ... da filmmakers ' paws , sad 2 say , wrre all over thiiisss `` un-bear-able '' project !
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals . --> the modern-day royals ve nun o these guys whn ii cums ta scandals .
essentially `` fatal attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . --> essentially `` fatal attraction '' remade 4 viewers who wrre in diapers wen da original vas released jn 1987 .
it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . --> ii does n't rlly no or care bout tha characters , aaand uses dem as markers 4 a series of preordained events .
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down . --> ` opening upp ' da play more hs partly closed ii dwm .
even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . --> even thoee ii 's common knowledge thay park aaand hiz founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in da end , ur ca n't help but get caught up i d thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . --> lots of effort nd intelligence r o display be in execution ii is all awkward , static , nd lifeless rumblings .
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat . --> every moment crackles with tension , and by da end of d flick , yea 're o the edge of u seat .
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation . --> the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings . --> coal e n't as easy 2 come by as ii used t b and this would b a worthy substitute for naughty childrens 's stockings .
as pedestrian as they come . --> as pedestrian as dey cum .
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? --> wae , ya may ask , wae shuld yah buy the movie milk wen d tv cow is free ?
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness . --> sunk by waaay tooooooo much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
that 's fun for kids of any age . --> thattt 's fun 4 kids of any age .
raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . --> raimi ang hiz team could n't havr done any betta jn bringing the story of spider-man to da biiiig screen .
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . --> a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest . --> a rip-roaring comedy action fest thattt 'll put hairs on ya chest .
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable . --> tha premise of jason x e silly bt strangely believable .
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones . --> tha modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . --> chelsea walls is a case of tooooooo many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired . --> da cast ... keeps diss pretty watchable , aaand casting mick jagger as director of the escort service wos inspired .
-lrb- the kid 's -rrb- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . --> -lrb- da kidd 's -rrb- just tooo bratty 4 sympathy , aaand as da filmz grows ta its finale , his lil changes ring hollow .
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays . --> contradicts everythang we 've cum t expect fr movies nowadays .
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . --> thwre e lil question za thiiisss e a serious workk by an important director who hs somthin new 2 say about how , in da flip-flop of courtship , we often reel n whn we shuld b playin outttttt .
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . --> da script hs less spice than a rat burger aaand d rock 's fightin skills r more n line wth steven seagal .
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . --> the solid filmmaking n convincing characters makes thiiisss a high wada mark for this genre .
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . --> da kind of movie that cums along ony occasionally , oooooneee so unconventional , gutsy ang perfectly executed ii takes ya bre away .
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . --> with an admirably dark fisrt script by brent hanley , paxton , makin hiz directorial feature debut , does strong , measured wrk .
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . --> funny , somber , absurd , ang , finally , achingly sad , bartleby e a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . --> every nuh and again , a movie cums along to remind us of hw v bad a motion picture can truly b .
unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . --> unfortunately , theyr e almost nun jn thiiisss flat effort da will amuse orrr entertain em , either .
schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor . --> schrader examines crane 's decline wit unblinking candor .
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy . --> that tha e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad e da cold comfort za chin 's filmz serves up wif style ang empathy .
you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . --> you wud n't wnt t live waydowntown , bt ii is a hilarious place 2 visit .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process . --> tha bai bros hv taken an small slice of history en opened ii upp 4 all of us 2 understand , ang they 've told a nice lil story i da process .
there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . --> thwre 's not onew decent performance fr tha cast and nt one clever line of dialogue .
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . ' --> translation : ` we do n't nid to try very hard . '
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . --> return t neva land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , wit enuhh creative energy and wit 2 entertain all ages .
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations . --> it sticks rigidly 2 tha paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions andd repeatedly placing them jn contrived , well-worn situations .
caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . --> caine makes us watch as hiz character awakens to da notion dat ta b human e eventually t ve t choose .
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ... --> a captivating nd intimate study bout dyn aaand loving ...
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . --> oversexed , n times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into da experience of bein forty , female ang single .
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . --> d world needs more filmmakers wit passionate enthusiasms lyk martin scorsese .
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -lrb- the characters ' -rrb- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . --> d director seems ta take an unseemly pleasure i -lrb- tha characters ' -rrb- misery nd n d sameee time t congratulate himself 4 having da guts t confront ii .
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . --> d history e fascinating ; da action e dazzling .
the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . --> the unexpected ting e tht its dieing , i dis shower of black-and-white psychedelia , e quite beautiful .
i also believe that resident evil is not it . --> im also believe dat resident evil e no ii .
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film . --> offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship thattt e more complex and honest than anything represented i a hollywood film .
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . --> meetin , even exceeding expectations , ii 's the best sequel since d empire strikes bck ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur en surprising emosh depth .
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . --> while general audiences might no cum away wit a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll b treated to an impressive nd highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . --> nt ony better than its predecessor , ii may rate as tha most magical andd most fun family fare of thiiisss orrr any recent holiday season .
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . --> ... may wrk as an addictive guilty pleasure buht the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke . --> death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than -lrb- total recall and blade runner -rrb- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences . --> spielberg 's picture e smarter andd subtler than -lrb- total recall aaand blade runner -rrb- , although its plot may prove tooooooo convoluted 4 fun-seeking summer audiences .
hart 's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character . --> hart 's war sim ta want ta b a character study , buht apperntly ca n't quite decide which character .
smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy . --> smaller numbered kidlets wil enjoy .
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life . --> offers noo new insight o d matter , nor do its characters exactly spring 2 lifeee .
i 'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . --> im 'm convinced im could keep a famly of five blind , crippled , amish ppl alive in this situation betetr than deez british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . --> d connected stories of breitbart aaand hanussen r actully fascinating , bt d filmmaking n invincible e such za the movie does not do em justice .
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films . --> d characters are more deeply thought throught than jn most ` right-thinking ' films .
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that . --> dese characters r so wellllll established za d gang feela comfortable wth takin insane liberties nd doin d goofiest stuff outttttt of left field , en im 'm all 4 thattt .
with a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . --> with a completely predictable plot , yiu 'll sware da ya 've seen ii all b4 , even if yea 've neva cum within a mile of da longest yard .
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . --> the jokes r sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere aaand the acting ranges fr bad 2 bodacious .
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff . --> cho 's latest comic set e n't as sharp orrr as fresh as i 'm tha one da im wnt ... but ii 's stillll dam funny stuff .
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice . --> much has been written about those years wen tha psychedelic '60s grooved over into tha gay '70s , be words do n't rlly do d era justice .
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ... --> oooooneee of da best lookin and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . --> light tha candles , bring outttttt the cake andd do n't fret bout d calories cos thwre 's precious lil substance n biryhday g -- ii 's simply , n surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
it 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart . --> ii 's good'o , hard-edged stuff , violent n a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . --> sayles ... once again strands hiz superb performers en the sameee old story .
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue . --> high crimes carries almost nah organic intrigue as a gov \/ marine\/legal mystery , nd tht 's bcz tha movie serves up all of za stuff , nearly subliminally , as da old-hat province of male intrigue .
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending . --> nicole kidman makes ii a paty worth attending .
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy . --> bogdanovich puts history n perspective andd , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel . --> da gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang shuld pls fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . --> shatner e prob tha funniest person en d film , which gives yuh an idea juss hw bad ii wes .
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . --> thiiisss e a fragmented filmz , once a gud idea tht was followed by tha bad idea 2 turn it into a movie .
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... -lrb- b -rrb- ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . --> thwre 's sum outrageously creative action in d transporter ... -lrb- b -rrb- ut by tha time frank parachutes dwm onto a movin truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . --> 4 those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex ang lucia may well prove diverting enough .
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . --> ii might be ` easier ' ta watch o vid n homee , but tht should n't stoopp die-hard french filmz connoisseurs fr goin outttttt nd enjoying the big-screen experience .
-lrb- reno -rrb- delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . --> -lrb- reno -rrb- delivers a monologue dat manages ta incorporate both tha horror nd d absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . --> rich en atmosphere of da post-war art world , it manages ta instruct without reeking of research library dust .
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work . --> more goodd than great bt freeman ang judd make ii wrk .
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless . --> ii 's nice t see piscopo again after all deez years , n chaykin nd headly r priceless .
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . --> neva again , while nuffin special , e pleasant , diverting and modest -- deffo a step i the righ direction .
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . --> if tha last mane wrre the last movie legt o earth , thr woyld be a toss-up betwn presiding over tha end of cinema as we kno ii and another nite of delightful hand shadows .
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew . --> she e a lioness , protecting her cub , andd he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
this is an interesting movie ! '' --> this e an interesting movie ! ''
it 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . --> it 's simply stoopid , irrelevant en deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . --> da movie is almost completely lacking n suspense , surprise and consistent emosh conviction .
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon\/bourne or his predicament . --> the characters r soooo generic en da plot so bland dat even as rogue cia assassins working 4 chris cooper 's agency boss closeeee n o da resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much 4 damon\/bourne orrr hiz predicament .
like a can of 2-day old coke . --> lik a can of 2-day oll coke .
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short . --> thiiisss masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives o its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if d screenplay falls somewhat short .
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't . --> yas , im suppose ii 's lovely that cal works outttttt hiz issues wid hiz dad ang comes t terms wth hiz picture-perfect lifeee -- be world traveler gave mi no reason t care , soooo im did n't .
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor . --> dat da film opens wid maggots crawling o a dead dogg e no an out of place metaphor .
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat . --> if d plot sim a bit o tha skinny side , da 's coz panic room e interested en nun more than suckin you in ... and makin you sweat .
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . --> drumline ably captures the complicated relationships en a marching band .
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino . --> the entire cast e first-rate , especially sorvino .
it 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . --> ii 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- orrr n least dis working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
nothing about this movie works . --> nothing abt thiiisss movie works .
a solidly entertaining little film . --> a solidly entertaining lil filmz .
-lrb- `` safe conduct '' -rrb- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . --> -lrb- `` safe conduct '' -rrb- e a long movie n 163 min buht it fills d time wit drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . --> although mainstream american movies tend ta exploit d familiar , every once in a while a filmz arrives fr d margin thay gives viewers a chance ta learn , ta grow , to travel .
a hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped . --> a hitt - and-miss affair , consistently amusing buht not as outrageous or funny as cho may hv intended orrr as imaginative as onew might have hoped .
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery . --> diss e an exercise in chillin style , aaand twohy films tha sub , inside ang outttttt , w an eye o preserving a sense of mystery .
hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? --> hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a gal dressed as a childrens 's paty clown gets violently gang-raped ?
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . --> it makes compelling , provocative aaand prescient viewing .
a flawed but engrossing thriller . --> a flawed be engrossing thriller .
never comes together as a coherent whole . --> never cums together as a coherent whole .
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies . --> a decided lack of spontaneity n its execution and a dearth of real poignancy jn its epiphanies .
what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents . --> wat sets ms. birot 's filmz apart fr others jn da genre e a greater attention to the parents -- n particularly da fateful fathers -- in da emosh evolution of tha two bewitched adolescents .
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand . --> liek most of jaglom 's films , sum of ii e honestly affecting , be more of ii sim contrived andd secondhand .
it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . --> it 's a wise n powerful tale of race en culture forcefully told , wif superb performances throughout .
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . --> oooooneee of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who r enthusiastic abt smth n then figures out hw 2 make us share dia enthusiasm .
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . --> nt ony r d film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated nd unfunny , hey also demonstrate hw desperate d makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel wrre .
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x. --> i have to admit tht i m baffled by jason x.
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . --> the filmz gets closeeee 2 tha chimps d sameee wayy goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect aaand affection .
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after -lrb- seagal 's -rrb- earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat . --> a rip-off twice removed , modeled after -lrb- seagal 's -rrb- earlier copycat under siege , somtime referred 2 as die hard o a boat .
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters . --> ms. seigner ang mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to dia characters .
that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . '' --> za 's muy loco , but nah more ridiculous than most of d rest of `` dragonfly . ''
but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences --> be tha movie tht does n't rlly deliver 4 country music fans orrr for famly audiences
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . --> if you answered yesshhh , by all means enjoy the new gal .
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters . --> generates an enormous feelin of empathy 4 its characters .
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . --> tha low-key direction e pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive looove .
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up . --> those prone t indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step ryte upp .
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves . --> an intriguing look at da french filmz industry during tha german occupation ; its most delightful moments cum when various characters express dey quirky inner selves .
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . ' --> wld make an excellent companion piece t da similarly themed ` d french lieutenant 's woman . '
if you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one . --> if yhu liek quirky , odd movies and\/or da ironic , heree 's a fun onew .
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half . --> noo french people wrre harmed during tha makin of diss movie , bt nem were insulted aaand the audience wos put through torture for an hour n a half .
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . --> woody allen can write andd deliver a onew liner as well as anybody .
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films . --> da most consistently funny of d austin powers films .
it 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen . --> ii 's both degrading and strangely liberating 2 c ppl working o hard n leading lives of sexy intrigue , ony ta be reveale by tha dispassionate gantz bros as ordinary , pasty lumpen .
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . --> paid jn full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas andd n least a half dozen otha trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling . --> the plot hs a number of holes , en at times ii 's simply baffling .
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine . --> the redeeming feature of chan 's films hs alwayz been da action , but tha stunts i tha tuxedo seem tiard ang , whattt 's worse , routine .
amazingly lame . --> amazingly lame .
not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . --> nt even felinni would knw wht ta make of this italian freakshow .
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out . --> garcía bernal n talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story e predictable , yu 'll want things ta work outttttt .
-- but certainly hard to hate . --> -- bt certainly hard t hate .
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed --> finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion ' --> parker can naw sustain the buoyant energy level of da filmz 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . --> da story e a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , andd a sec chance t fnk luff n d most unlikely place - it struck a chord i mi .
a cockeyed shot all the way . --> a cockeyed shot all the waaay .
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence . --> clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation culd usa a lil american pie-like irreverence .
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy . --> a woefully dull , redundant concept za bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy .
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist . --> a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook . --> about onew i three gags jn white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; tha r r padding unashamedly appropriated fr tha teen-exploitation playbook .
it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting . --> ii plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption tht its `` dead wife communicating fr beyond tha grave '' framework is even remotely new orrr interesting .
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . --> give credit ta everyone fr robinson dwm t da key grip that this bold move works .
enough said , except : film overboard ! --> nuff said , except : filmz overboard !
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers . --> a suffocating rape-payback horror show da hinges o tha subgenre 's most enabling victim ... aaand an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . --> while we noo longer possess tha lack-of-attention span za we dd at seventeen , we had nah trouble sitten for blade ii .
a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films . --> a collage of clichés nd a dim echo of allusions t otha films .
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ? --> combine d paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of tha supernatural -- yy did n't hollywood think of diss sooner ?
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . --> if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , nxt time outttttt hey might try payin less attention to the miniseries nd more attention to the filmz ii is bout .
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . --> da screenplay by james eric , james horton en director peter o'fallon ... e soooooo pat ii makes your teeth hurt .
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . --> im 'm givin it thumbs down due ta d endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . --> nt ony does leblanc make onew spectacularly ugly-looking broad , buht he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers thru hiz scenes .
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing . --> an elegant workk , food of luv is as consistently engaging as ii is revealing .
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . --> the pain , loneliness n insecurity of tha screenwriting process r vividly ang painfully brought ta slovenly lifeee n diss self-deprecating , biting en witty feature written by charlie kaufman nd hiz twin brotha , donald , and directed by spike jonze .
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . --> ... a weak en ineffective ghost story whithout a conclusion orrr pay off .
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice . --> if u 're a fan of the series you 'll love ii en probs want t c it twice .
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long . --> da film neva finds its tone n several scenes runnn tooooooo lang .
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands . --> suffers fr a lack of clarity and audacity dat a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture . --> it 's naw a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ... --> ii 's probably nt easy to make such a worthless filmz ...
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways . --> d filmz e bright ang flashy i all d rite ways .
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel . --> a brisk , reverent , aaand subtly diffffff sequel .
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . --> a macabre aaand v stylized swedish fillm abt a modern city whr all tha religious and civic virtues thay hold society jn place r en tatters .
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . --> does an impressive job of relating d complicated history of d war and of filling jn the background .
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system --> a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded andd revealing overview of dis ancient holistic healing system
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . --> a cautionary tale bout the folly of superficiality that e itself endlessly superficial .
quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . --> quitting , however , manages jus to b depressing , as the lead actor phones en hiz autobiographical performa .
i did go back and check out the last 10 ### minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 ### or 40 ### minutes . --> i dd go bck and check outttttt da last 10 ### minutes , be dese wrre more repulsive than da fisrt 30 ### orrr 40 ### mins .
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . --> jn da end , da movie bogs dwm en insignificance , saying nuffin abt kennedy 's assassination and revealing nuffin about tha pathology ii pretends to investigate .
it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . --> it 's refreshing t c a movie da embraces its old-fashioned themes n i d process comes out looking like somthin wholly original .
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes . --> it must b tha end of the world : the best filmz o far dis year e a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes .
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time . --> boomers ang dey kids wil hv a barrie goood time .
wow . --> waow .
if disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes . --> if disney 's cinderella proved tht ' a dream e a wish yur heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves thattt a nightmare e a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better . --> been thr , done thattt ... a thousand times aready , ang betetr .
an infuriating film . --> an infuriating film .
a film with a great premise but only a great premise . --> a film wid a great premise be ony a great premise .
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof . --> seagal ran outttttt of movies years ago , en dis is jst the proof .
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . --> a backhanded ode 2 female camaraderie penned by a mane who hs little clue bout either tha nature of women orrr of friendship .
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . --> d fetid underbelly of fame hs neva looked uglier .
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . --> by halfway thru diss pict i was beginning to hate ii , and , of course , feeling guilty 4 ii ... then , miracle of miracles , d movie does a flip-flop .
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . --> soulless nd -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity en its crapulence .
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . --> wh the movie lacks n action ii more than makes up 4 in drama , suspense , revenge , ang romance .
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts . --> sweet home alabama e n't goin t win any academy awards , be this date-night diversion wil deffo win some hearts .
it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . --> ii 's a satisfying summer blockbuster en worth a look .
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid . --> a party-hearty teen flick za scalds liek acid .
the movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes . --> d movie e ... v funny as ya peek n ii thru tha fingers n front of your eyes .
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . --> while da story e better-focused than tha incomprehensible anne rice novel ii 's based upon , queen of d damned e a pointless , meandering celebration of tha goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller . --> originality ai n't o da menu , but there 's neva a dull moment en d giant spyder invasion comic chiller .
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal . --> like mike e a slight aaand uninventive movie : like tha exalted michael jordan referred t en d title , many can aspire bt none can equal .
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing . --> da cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story . --> a grittily beautiful filmz thay looks , sounds , and feela more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . --> strangely comes o as a kingdom more mild than wild .
a few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies . --> a few hrs after yhu 've seen ii , yo forget you 've been ta d movies .
yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . --> yet it 's no quite da genre-busting film ii 's been hyped 2 b because ii plays everythang tooooooo safe .
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . --> the biggest problem w roger avary 's uproar against d mpaa e that , even n all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a filmz thay 's barely shocking , barely interesting nd most of all , barely anything .
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . --> peralta captures , in luminous interviews en amazingly evocative film fr three decades ago , d essence of d dogtown experience .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it . --> manages ta accomplish wh few sequels can -- it equals the original and i sum ways even betters ii .
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . --> tha end result is lyke cold porridge wth only da odd enjoyably chewy lump .
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action . --> ii shows za sum studios firmly believe that pple have lost da ability 2 think and wil forgive any shoddy product as lang as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . --> despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this e even better than d fellowship .
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies . --> da such a horrible movie culd hav sprung fr such a great one e onew of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion . --> a fleet-footed en pleasingly upbeat famly diversion .
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them . --> australian filmmaker david flatman uses da huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature filmz tht educates viewers w words andd pictures while entertaining dem .
`` mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . --> `` mr. deeds '' e suitable summer entertainment za offers escapism whithout requiring a great deal of thought .
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned . --> lame sweet home leaves nah southern stereotype unturned .
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . --> rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge orrr personality ta da rising place tht wud set ii apart fr otha deep south stories .
it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . --> it 's allways disappointing when a documentary fails 2 live upp ta -- orrr offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ... --> yet another iteration of wut 's becum onew of tha movies ' creepiest conventions , en which tha developmentally disabled r portrayed w almost supernatural powers 2 humble , teach n ultimately redeem dia mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
you may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie . --> you may b galled tht ayu 've wasted nearly two hrs of your own precious lifeee wif thiiisss silly lil puddle of a movie .
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . --> mr. scorsese 's bravery n integrity i advancing dis vision can hardly b underestimated .
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving . --> more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . '' --> the movie e lyke a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , aaand even tardier 4 exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
fun and nimble . --> fun nd nimble .
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' --> whn the casting call 4 dis movie went out , ii must hav read ` seeking anyone wit actin ambition buht na sence of pride orrr shame . '
the movie is a desperate miscalculation . --> d movie e a desperate miscalculation .
what they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . --> wht dey 're doing e a matter of plumbing arrangements n mind games , of na erotic orrr sensuous charge .
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . --> plays liek a glossy melodrama thay occasionally verges o camp .
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story . --> what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment e da superficial waaay it deals with its story .
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . --> polanski hs found the perf material with which t adress hiz own world war ii experience n hiz signature style .
the main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . --> the main story ... e compelling enuhh , be ii 's difficult to shrug o d annoyance of dat chatty fish .
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing . --> tha filmz boasts n least a few gd ideas ang features sum decent performances , bt d result e disappointing .
it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . --> it 's nah surprise thay as a director washington demands en receives excellent performances , from himself nd fr newcomer derek luke .
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . --> if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , ii 's stillll a sweet , even delectable diversion .
top-notch action powers this romantic drama . --> top-notch action powers this romantic kdrama .
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie . --> roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture n redemption e betta than ` shindler 's list ' - ii is more than merely a holocaust movie .
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson . --> an admitted egomaniac , evans e noo hollywood villain , and yet dis grating showcase almost makes ayu wish he 'd gone d waaay of don simpson .
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture . --> confessions may nt b a straightforward bio , nor does ii offer much in the wayy of barris ' motivations , bt d filmz e an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid . --> da inherent limitations of using a video game as d source material movie r once again made all tooo clear i thiiisss schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights . --> takes a simple premise n carries it ta unexpected heights .
` moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . ' --> ` moore is lyk a progressive bull n a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas en special-interest groups as he slaps together hiz own brand of liberalism . '
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . --> the filmz reminds mi of a vastly improved germanic version of ym big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , sum genuine quirkiness ang n least a measure of style .
the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears . '' --> tha star who helped give a spark ta `` chasing amy '' en `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinkin mane cia agent jack ryan i thiiisss summer 's new action film , `` tha sum of all fears . ''
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . --> a goood filmz with a solid pedigree both en front of aaand , more specifically , behind d camera .
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child . --> a marvellous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally . --> a slow-moving police-procedural thriller da takes its title all tooo literally .
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . --> since dahmer resorts t standard slasher flick thrills wen it should b most jn d mind of tha killer , it misses a major opportunity t b truly revelatory bout his psyche .
leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love . --> leigh e n't breaking new ground , buht he knows hw a daily grind can kill loce .
the master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . --> da master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt 2 dum dwm tha universe .
i ca n't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . --> im ca n't say diss enuhh : diss movie e about an adult male dressed i pink jammies .
-lrb- a -rrb- boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . --> -lrb- a -rrb- boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine thay strokes d eyeballs while it evaporates lik soo much crypt mist i tha brain .
once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . --> once oooooneee experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward hiz audience , onew e lefft wid a sour taste en oooooneee 's mouth , aaand little else .
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . --> with o many bad romances outttttt theyr , thiiisss e da kind of movie da deserves a chance to shine .
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . --> about schmidt e undoubtedly one of tha finest films of d year .
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received . --> ii does n't reach em , bt da effort e gratefully received .
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! --> - im also wanted a lil alien as a frnd !
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . --> da work of a filmmaker who hs secrets buried n the heart of hiz story aaand knows how 2 take time revealing them .
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . --> for thiiisss sort of thang to wrk , we need agile performers , bt tha proficient , dull sorvino hs noo light touch , and rodan e outttttt of his league .
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . --> juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , buht ii 's hard 2 sence that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smyle .
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . --> most of tha storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 . --> a powerful performa fr mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everythang be issue ur a dog-tag and an m-16 .
woody allen has really found his groove these days . --> woody allen hs rlly found hiz groove dese fay .
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ... --> the screenwriters dig theirselves en deeper every time nem toss logic nd science into whut e essentially a `` dungeons aaand dragons '' fantasy w modern military weaponry ...
delirious fun . --> delirious fun .
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen . --> whet might havr been acceptable o tha printed page of iles ' book does nt translate wellllll 2 da screen .
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin . --> ice cube e n't quite outttttt of ripe screwball ideas , buht friday after nxt spreads dem pretty thin .
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it . --> director david fincher aaand writer david koepp ca n't sustain ii .
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . --> mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or e ill-equipped ta examine , tha interior lives of tha characters n his film , much less incorporate em into hiz narrative .
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . --> wut lifts the filmz high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks e its refusal t recognise any of tha signposts , as if discovering a waaay throught ta da bitter end without a mep .
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions . --> it gets da details of its time frame rightt bt ii completely misses its emo .
entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . --> entirely appropriately , da tale unfolds lyke a lazy summer afternoon and concludes wid tha crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . --> wut we hav e a character faced wid tha possibility dat her lifeee e meaningless , vapid andd devoid of substance , in a movie that is deffo meaningless , vapid ang devoid of substance .
with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out . --> w a cast of a-list brit actors , ii e worth searching outttttt .
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly . --> ii 's refreshing that sumone understands d nid for the bad boy ; diesel , w hiz brawny frame n cool , composed delivery , fits tha bill perfectly .
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time . --> 4 all of its insights into tha dream world of teen life , en its electronic expression thru cyber culture , tha filmz gives nah quarter 2 anyones seeking 2 pull a cohesive story outttttt of its 2 1\/2 - hour runnin time .
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins . --> wid flashbulb editing as cover 4 the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed e nearly incoherent , an excuse ta get t da closing bout ... by which time ii 's impossible 2 care who wins .
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ... --> clooney directs this filmz allways keeping da balance betwn d fantastic andd d believable ...
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . --> happylgovo times maintains an appealing veneer whithout becoming tooo cuteeee about it .
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen . --> tv skit-com material fervently deposited o the biiiig screen .
a compelling film . --> a compelling filmz .
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . --> da filmz 's unhurried pace e actully oooooneee of its strengths .
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . --> ii certainly wo n't win any awards jn the plot department but ii sets outttttt with no pretensions andd delivers biiiig time .
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . --> most of the things thay made tha original men n black such a pleasure r still thwre .
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth . --> cold , sterile and lacking any colour orrr warmth .
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that . --> a ` girls gone wild ' vid 4 d boho art-house crowd , da burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers r n't removed andd inquisitive eugh 4 thattt .
... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . --> ... d movie feela stitched together fr stock situations en characters fr otha movies .
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hélène angel is definitely a director to watch . --> wth an obvious rapport w her actors aaand a striking style behind tha camera , hélène angel is definitely a director 2 watch .
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph . --> a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen kdrama en overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . --> men n black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- ii 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .
there 's nothing to gain from watching they . --> there 's nothing 2 gain fr watching they .
debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish . --> debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner e sappy and amateurish .
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n't suck ! --> yor 20th outing shows o a loooot of stamina and vitality , and get diss , madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
an absurdist spider web . --> an absurdist spider web .
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding . --> a journey da e as difficult 4 the audience 2 take as ii e 4 tha protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations . --> rather less than da sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations .
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else . --> an entertaining documentary tht freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays wrre written by somebody else .
stay away . --> stay away .
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii --> contrasting da original ringu wif da current americanized adaptation is akin ta comparing d evil dead w evil dead ii
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source . --> skip diss dreck , rent animal house and go bsck to tha source .
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . --> beautifully filmed andd wellllll acted ... be admittedly problematic i its narrative specifics .
if you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for . --> if you 're burnt outttttt o it 's a wonderful lifeee marathons n bored wid a christmas carol , ii might just be da movie yhu 're lookin 4 .
the film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations . --> the filmz 's highlight e deffo its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps o tha page , en for tha memorable character creations .
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . --> d movie , liek bartleby , e sumn of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy da sim twice as lang as its 83 minutes .
it 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . --> it 's sort of a 21st century morality play wit a latino hip hop beat .
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . --> shld n't have been allowed t usa da wrd `` new '' in its title , bcz theyr 's nt an original character , siuation orrr joke n d entire movie .
decent but dull . --> decent but dull .
get out your pooper-scoopers . --> get outttttt y pooper-scoopers .
humor in i spy is so anemic . --> humour en im spy is soooo anemic .
at least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . --> n least ii 's a fairly impressive debut fr the director , charles stone iii .
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . --> try as yo might t resist , if yu 've got a place jn u heart for smokey robinson , thiiisss movie will worm its waaay thr .
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on . --> if the filmz hs a problema , its shortness disappoints : yuh wnt the story t go on and o .
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . --> there 's nt a fresh idea n tha core of dis tale .
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . --> this film e so different fr the apple and shoo striking tht it can ony encourage us to c samira makhmalbaf as a v distinctive sensibility , working t develop her own filmz language wth conspicuous success .
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still . --> diss e a movie whr d most notable observation e hw lang you 've been sittin still .
technically and artistically inept . --> technically nd artistically inept .
... overly melodramatic ... --> ... overly melodramatic ...
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead . --> trouble every dayy e a success n sum sence , buht it 's hard ta like a film so cold and dead .
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier . --> ... stumbles over every cheap trick i the book taryn t make d outrage come even easier .
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . --> in all the annals of tha movies , few films ve been thiiisss odd , inexplicable nd unpleasant .
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years . --> allen 's funniest andd most likeable movie jn years .
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within . --> highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinna resembles tha el cheapo margaritas served within .
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable . --> d effort e sincere and the results are honest , but da filmz e soooooo bleak tht it 's hardly watchable .
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters . --> the scriptwriters r noo less a menace 2 society than da filmz 's characters .
a big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event . --> a big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as tha hrs e a distinct rarity , and an event .
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . --> an enormously entertaining movie , liek nothing we 've every seen b4 , en yet completely familiar .
even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached . --> even as da hero of da story rediscovers his passion n life , da mood remains oddly detached .
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world . --> deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as sum intelligent observations o the success of bollywood in the western world .
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . --> a cheap scam put together by sum cynical creeps n revolution studios nd imagine entertainment ta make the suckers outttttt theyr surrender $ 9 andd 93 mins of unrecoverable lifeee .
not once does it come close to being exciting . --> naw once does ii cum closeeee t bein exciting .
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s . --> ii 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , andd it does n't offer any insights thay hv n't been thoroughly debated in tha media aready , bsck jn d dahmer heyday of d mid - '90s .
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . --> the filmz e hampered by its predictable plot nd paper-thin supporting characters .
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added . --> ... standard guns versus martial arts cliche wit little new added .
a noble failure . --> a noble failure .
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever . --> much of wat we c e horrible but ii 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . --> thwre 's not a comedic moment en thiiisss romantic comedy .
any rock pile will do for a set . --> any rock pile wil do for a set .
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight . --> tha hook e da kdrama within tha kdrama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey 4 da spotlight .
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . --> a muddle splashed wif bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has every given us .
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue . --> marinated jn clichés en mawkish dialogue .
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch . --> this movie , a certain scene en particular , brought mi uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . --> in addition t gluing you t da edge of yor seat , changing lanes e also a filmz of freshness , imagination ang insight .
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . --> en d end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're lookin bsck at a tattered aaand ugly past w rose-tinted glasses .
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . --> while da frequent allusions ta gurus and doshas wil strike sum westerners as verging o mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge wth unimpeachable clarity .
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time . --> d movie e hardly a masterpiece , buht ii does mark ms. bullock 's best wrk n sum time .
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . --> unless yu come in ta da filmz wif a skateboard under yo arm , chu 're goin ta feel like yah were n't invited to d paty .
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't . --> an energetic en engaging filmz za neva pretends t be smth ii is n't .
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds . --> a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . --> a rumour of angels does n't just slip -- ii avalanches into forced fuzziness .
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . --> mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest d mummy returns .
what 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . --> wh 's needed o badly bt wut e virtually absent heree e either a savin dark humour orrr tha feel of poetic tragedy .
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . --> stone sim t ve a knack 4 wrapping da theatre i a cold blanket of urban desperation .
` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . --> ` alice 's adventure thru d lookin glass nd into zombie-land ' e filled w strange en wonderful creatures .
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . --> late marriage is an in-your-face famly drama nd black comedy thattt is filled wth raw emotions conveying despair and looove .
remember it . --> remember ii .
thoroughly enjoyable . --> thoroughly enjoyable .
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish . --> begins lik a docu-drama be builds its multi-character story wit a flourish .
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 ### . --> d best comedy concert movie im 've seen since cho 's prev concert comedy filmz , im 'm the onew that im wnt , jn 2000 ### .
you 'll end up moved . --> yuh 'll end up moved .
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close . --> im 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie acttually produced by either da north orrr south vietnamese , bt at least now we 've got somethin pretty dayum closeeee .
while it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . --> while ii 's all quite tasteful 2 look n , da attention process tends to do a lil fleeing of its own .
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . --> a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work . --> ii 's alwayz fascinating ta watch marker da essayist n wrk .
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . --> the filmz , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , e stillll goood fun .
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic . --> bt even while his characters r actin horribly , he e a sympathetic .
narc is all menace and atmosphere . --> narc e all menace andd atmosphere .
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . --> thwre e simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute runnin time .
-lrb- stevens is -rrb- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . --> -lrb- stevens e -rrb- shoo stoked t make an important film abt humen infidelity en happenstance da he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story aready overladen wid plot conceits .
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . --> kurys sim intimidated by both her subject matter and da period trappings of thiiisss debut venture into tha heritage business .
it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . --> ii dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke . --> being unique does n't necessarily equate 2 being good , nah matter hw admirably da filmmakers havr gone 4 broke .
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film . --> thay rare documentary that incorporates so much of humen experience -- kdrama , conflict , tears en surprise -- tht ii transcends da normal divisions betwn fiction and nonfiction filmz .
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . --> hashiguchi covers thiiisss territory wid wit and originality , suggesting dat wif hiz fourth feature -- the fisrt ta b released i the u.s. -- a major director e emerging i world cinema .
when -lrb- reno -rrb- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al. , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . --> when -lrb- reno -rrb- lets her radical flag fly , takin angry potshots n george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al. , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . --> neva capitalizes o dis concept aaand opts 4 da breezy ang amateurish feel of an after school special o the subject of tolerance .
despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . --> despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' e banal i its message ang the choice of material ta convey it .
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care . --> while da filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , tha subject matter e soo fascinating dat yu wo n't care .
paul bettany is cool . --> paul bettany e cool .
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't . --> collateral damage e trash , be ii earns extra points by actin as if ii wrre n't .
it 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair . --> ii 's anchored by splendid performances fr an honored screen veteran en a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform theirselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point . --> da oooooneee not-so-small problema wit expecting is thay the entire exercise hs nah real point .
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . --> when yah 've got da wildly popular vin diesel i d equation , ii adds upp ta biiiig box office bucks all bt guaranteed .
the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny . --> the problema wit all of diss : ii 's naw rlly funny .
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin . --> oooooneee hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but ii 's da lil nuances za perhaps had 2 escape fr director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , thay finally get under yor skin .
a modestly surprising movie . --> a modestly surprising movie .
it 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard -lrb- eileen walsh -rrb- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant . --> ii 's impossible t indulge tha fanciful daydreams of janice beard -lrb- eileen walsh -rrb- whn her real-life persona e o charmless andd vacant .
as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . --> as tha movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , ii e impossible no 2 b awed by tha power andd grace of oooooneee of da greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . --> 2 others , ii wil remind em that hong kong action cinema e still alive nd kicking .
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . --> wid tiny little jokes nd nary an original idea , diss sappy ethnic sleeper proves that nt only blockbusters pollute the summer movie poooollll .
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . --> confuses its mesage w an ultimate desire t pleasee , nd contorting itself into an idea of expectation e tha last ting any of dese three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . --> it 's a fine , focused piece of wrk thay reopens an interesting controversy n neva succumbs 2 sensationalism .
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope . --> a heartening tale of small victories aaand enduring hope .
this franchise has not spawned a single good film . --> diss franchise hs naw spawned a single goodd film .
a taut , sobering film . --> a taut , sobering filmz .
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action . --> ear-splitting exercise en formula crash-and-bash action .
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . --> just bout everyone involved heree sim t b coasting .
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material . --> what sets diss romantic comedy apart fr most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key waaay of tackling wut sim liek done-to-death material .
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem . --> claims ta sort d bad guys fr tha goodd , which e its essential problema .
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . --> surprisingly , tha filmz e a hilarious adventure n im shamelessly enjoyed it .
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? --> woo hs as much rite ta make a huge action sequence as any director , but hw lang will filmmakers copy the `` savin private ryan '' battle scenes b4 realizing steven spielberg got it right d fisrt time ?
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . --> although ii starts o soooo bad that you feel lik runnin outttttt screamin , ii eventually works its way upp ta merely bad rather than painfully awful .
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours . --> makes 98 minutes feel lyke three hrs .
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . --> tha entire point of a shaggy dogg story , of course , e thattt ii goes nowhere , en this e classic nowheresville i every sence .
shame on writer\/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull . --> shame on writer\/director vicente aranda 4 making a florid biopic abt mad queens , obsessive relationships , n rampant adultery soooo dull .
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods . --> spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may b overstating ii , be `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods .
like the hanks character , he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . --> like the hanks character , he 's a slow study : d action e stilted n the tabloid energy embalmed .
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . --> a poignant lyricism runs throught balzac andd da lil chinese seamstress thattt transforms dis story about loce n culture into a cinematic poem .
... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -lrb- the way chekhov is funny -rrb- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality . --> ... is funny in da wayy thattt makes youuu ache with sadness -lrb- the wayy chekhov is funny -rrb- , profound whithout every being self-important , warm whithout every succumbing 2 sentimentality .
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 ### . --> paul bettany e gd n bein d ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie e certainly not number 1 ### .
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . --> tha verdict : two bodies nd hardly a laugh betwn em .
in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . --> in xxx , diesel is tht rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , ang onew who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye . --> thr is a strong directorial stamp o every frame of diss stylish filmz that is able 2 visualize schizophrenia but is stillll confident enuhh to step back en look n d sick character w a sane eye .
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true . --> ii 's funny , as the ol sayin goes , cause ii 's true .
special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen . --> special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , nd motorcycles provide an intense experience whn splashed across da immense imax screen .
taken outside the context of the current political climate -lrb- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -rrb- --> taken outside tha context of tha current political climate -lrb- c : terrorists r more evil than ever ! -rrb-
a little weak -- and it is n't that funny . --> a lil weak -- aaand ii e n't dat funny .
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon . --> writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores n politics to tiresome jargon .
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . --> a forceful kdrama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . --> oooooneee of those exceedingly rare films en which da talk alone e enough ta keep us involved .
an almost unbearably morbid love story . --> an almost unbearably morbid luv story .
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia --> a mean-spirited filmz made by sumone who surely read tha catcher n d rye bt clearly suffers fr dyslexia
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . --> if dey broke outttttt into elaborate choreography , singing n finger snapping ii might have held mah attention , be as it stands im kept lookin 4 tha last exit fr brooklyn .
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ... --> thwre 's a sheer unbridled delight in tha wayy the story unfurls ...
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all . --> implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery ang self-delusion of dis most american of businesses , en for thattt reason ii may b the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . --> v wellllll written and directed wit brutal honesty en respect 4 its audience .
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder . --> impostor is a step dwm 4 director gary fleder .
moving and vibrant . --> moving and vibrant .
jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . --> jacquot 's strategy allows his cast tha benefit of bein able 2 give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly thattt da beauty en power of da opera reside primarily in the music itself .
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare . --> hawn n sarandon form an actin bond that makes tha banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
may puzzle his most ardent fans . --> may puzzle hiz most ardent fans .
in other words , it 's badder than bad . --> jn otha words , ii 's badder than bad .
may prove to be -lrb- tsai 's -rrb- masterpiece . --> may prove ta b -lrb- tsai 's -rrb- masterpiece .
one of the best , most understated performances of -lrb- jack nicholson 's -rrb- career . --> onew of da best , most understated performances of -lrb- jack nicholson 's -rrb- career .
after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 ### seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . --> after all , he took three mins of dialogue , 30 ### seconds of plot aaand turned em into a 90-minute movie dat feela five hrs lang .
the master of disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . ' --> d master of disguise falls under the category of ` shuld hv been a sketch on saturday nigjt live . '
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -lrb- but -rrb- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives . --> shows holmes has d screen presence ta becum a major-league leading lady , -lrb- but -rrb- d movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building 2 a climax za 's scarcely a surprise by d time ii arrives .
but it was n't . --> bt ii wos n't .
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill . --> foster breathes lifeee into a roll thay culd ve otherwise been bland and runnn of d mill .
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . --> jn old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms. shreve 's novel proved tooo difficult a txt to ` lick , ' despite d efforts of a first-rate cast .
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . --> well-acted , well-directed and , 4 all its moodiness , no tooooooo pretentious .
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . --> a tired , predictable , bordering o offensive , waste of time , money n celluloid .
there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . --> theyr 's noo disguising this as one of tha worst films of da summer .
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance . --> frida e n't za much different fr many a hollywood romance .
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . --> follows the original film virtually scene 4 scene and yet manages t bleed it almost completely dry of humour , verve n fun .
scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . --> scott baio e turning n sum delightful workk on indie projects .
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . --> keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimmin gets da details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies n myrtle beach , s.c. , 2 the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . --> like vardalos andd corbett , who play dia roles with vibrant charm , tha film , directed by joel zwick , e heartfelt andd hilarious jn ways you ca n't fake .
a lame comedy . --> a lame comedy .
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . --> deliberately ang devotedly constructed , far fr heaven e tooo pic postcard perf , tooooooo neat aaand new pin-like , tooooooo obviously a recreation t resonate .
morvern rocks . --> morvern rocks .
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera . --> a positively thrilling combination of ethnography en all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit ang murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . --> wen ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact da its intended audience hs n't yet had much science , it does a disservice t da audience nd 2 the genre .
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller . --> illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . --> as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a lil tooo big 4 her mouth , infuses d movie wid much of its slender , glinting charm .
a film of quiet power . --> a film of quiet power .
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper . --> overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . --> zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext tht 's shoo simple ang precise za anything discordant woyld topple tha balance , bt against all odds , nuffin does .
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before . --> bc the filmz deliberately lacks irony , it hs a genuine dramatic impact ; ii plays lik a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow neva seen b4 .
it 's a very valuable film ... --> it 's a v valuable film ...
bad movie . --> bad movie .
just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense . --> jus wen yuh think you r making sence of ii , something happens za tells you thr e no sence .
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges . --> da rich performances by friel -- n esp williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges .
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic . --> d filmz rehashes several oll themes andd is capped wit pointless extremes -- ii 's insanely violent and very graphic .
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . --> an undistinguished attempt ta make a classic theatre piece cinematic .
it 's pauly shore awful . --> ii 's pauly shore awful .
, `` they 're out there ! '' --> , `` hey 're outttttt thr ! ''
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set . --> a sour attempt n makin a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher 4 da female set .
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination . --> wh culd have been right n homee as a nifty plot line en steven soderbergh 's traffic fails ta arrive n any satisfying destination .
oh , james ! --> o , james !
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2 - hour , dissipated length . --> got sum goodd , organic character workk , lots of obvious political insights ang lil room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2 - hour , dissipated length .
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do . --> an emotionally ang spiritually compelling journey seen throught d rightt eyes , wth da ryte actors ang w tha kind of visual flair thattt shows wut great cinema can rlly do .
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . --> an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , ii contains almost nuff chuckles 4 a three-minute sketch , aaand na more .
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior . --> a vivid , somtime surreal , glimpse into d mysteries of human behavior .
it 's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . --> it 's na accident that d accidental spy e a solid action pic da returns the martial arts master t top form .
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich . --> a wild comedy that culd ony spring from da demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .
it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective . --> ii 's affecting , amusing , sad andd reflective .
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? --> how can such a cold movie claim ta express warmth andd longing ?
the film did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side . --> tha filmz dd n't convince me tht calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope i tha midd of chicago 's south side .
exciting documentary . --> exciting documentary .
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . --> n its most basic , thiiisss cartoon adventure e that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . --> a winning piece of work filled wid loce 4 d movies of the 1960s .
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . --> her filmz e like a beautiful food entrée dat is n't heated properly , so za it ends upp a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . --> the most excruciating 86 mins onew might sit throught diss summer za do not involve a dentist drill .
gives everyone something to shout about . --> gives everyone summn ta shout bout .
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . --> it 's a setup so easy ii borders o facile , bt keepin da filmz from cheap-shot mediocrity e its craic cast .
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy . --> tha chateau e a rizky venture za neva quite goes where yhu expect and often surprises ur with unexpected comedy .
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant . --> deliciously mean-spirited nd wryly observant .
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . --> as dum en cheesy as dey may b , d cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both i depth n breadth -- after watchin diss digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . --> tho clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera e painfully formulaic n stilted .
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . --> jones hs tackled a meaty subject en drawn engaging characters while peppering tha pages wth memorable zingers .
reassuring , retro uplifter . --> reassuring , retro uplifter .
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . --> d most brilliant workk jn thiiisss genre since da 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time en america .
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door . --> there r deeply religious and spiritual ppe in dis world who wld argue da entering a church , synagogue orrr temple does n't mean yo have 2 check u brain n d door .
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive . --> this e unusual , food-for-thought cinema thay 's as entertaining as it e instructive .
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . --> much credit must be given t tha water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , andd michael stewart .
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 ### minutes after the last trombone honks . --> a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages r forgotten 10 ### minutes after d last trombone honks .
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 ### minutes . --> wat begins brightly gets bogged dwm over 140 ### min .
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car . --> a painfully slow cliche-ridden filmz filled wid more holes than clyde barrow 's car .
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date . --> d best of the pierce brosnan james bond films 2 date .
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . --> drumline e -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realised story .
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake ! --> to b influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows 4 gdo 's sake !
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera . --> take away d controversy , and it 's no much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .
the audacity to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion . --> tha audacity to view oooooneee of shakespeare 's betetr known tragedies as a dark comedy e , by itself , deserving of discussion .
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . --> da success of undercover brotha e found en its ability to spoof both black n white stereotypes equally .
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -lrb- and better -rrb- than pink floyd tickets . --> tooooooo dayum weiiiiird ta pass upp , ang for the blacklight crowd , waaay cheaper -lrb- aaand better -rrb- than pink floyd tix .
you expect more from director michael apted -lrb- enigma -rrb- and screenwriter nicholas kazan -lrb- reversal of fortune -rrb- than this cliche pileup . --> youu expect more fr director michael apted -lrb- enigma -rrb- ang screenwriter nicholas kazan -lrb- reversal of fortune -rrb- than this cliche pileup .
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . --> director jay russell weighs down hiz capricious fairy-tale wit heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . --> a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make da most of a bumper cast , bt never quite gets o tha ground .
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella 's reputation in the united states . --> a movin and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama thay shld bolster director en co-writer juan josé campanella 's reputation en d united states .
everything is off . --> everythang e o .
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up . --> working fr a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of d pitfalls u 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 ### and you might not notice the flaws . --> pretend lyk ur sat scores r below 120 ### en yiu might no notice da flaws .
mordantly funny and intimately knowing ... --> mordantly funny en intimately knowing ...
i ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . --> im ca n't remember d last time im saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than en extreme ops .
it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too . --> it 's tommy 's job to clean tha peep booths surrounding her , ang after viewing diss one , ayu 'll feel lik mopping upp , tooo .
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments . --> each of deez stories hs d potential 4 touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , buht thirteen conversations abt onew thng , 4 all its generosity and optimism , neva resorts 2 easy feel-good sentiments .
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm . --> theyr 's ... an underlying oll world sexism 2 monday mornin that undercuts its charm .
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted . --> what a great shame tht such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen t make hiz english-language debut wit a film shoo poorly plotted nd scripted .
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes . --> i liked a lot of d smaller scenes .
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . --> sum of da computer animation is handsome , andd various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity ta da otherwise bleak tale , buht overall the filmz never rises above mediocrity .
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . --> beresford nicely mixes in as much humour as pathos 2 take us o hiz sentimental journey of d heart .
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . --> nun can detract fr d affection of dat moral favo : freinds wil b freinds thru thick and thin .
bring tissues . --> bring tissues .
an enthralling , entertaining feature . --> an enthralling , entertaining feature .
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . --> as a director , paxton e surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together whattt culd hv been a confusing aaand horrifying vision into an intense nd engrossing head-trip .
well-made but mush-hearted . --> well-made bt mush-hearted .
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . --> labute masterfully balances both traditional orrr modern stories together i a manner that one never overwhelms d other .
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation . --> assured , glossy ang shot through w brittle desperation .
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film . --> a deemm fine ang a truly distinctive n a deeply pertinent film .
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it . --> filmmaker stacy peralta hs a flashy editing style da does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , be he respects da material without sentimentalizing ii .
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' --> despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which ony prove thay ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy . --> a surprisingly sweet n gentille comedy .
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . --> ... begins wif promise , but runs aground after being snared i its own tangled plot .
although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . --> although whut time offers tsai 's usual style andd themes , it hs a more colorful , more playful tone than hiz other films .
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . --> a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle . --> a must-see 4 fans of thoughtful war films aaand those interested in d sights ang sounds of battle .
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . --> with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perf wildean actor , n a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . --> by noo means a slam-dunk aaand sure t ultimately disappoint tha action fans who wil b moved 2 d edge of dey seats by the dynamic first act , ii still cums o as a touching , transcendent love story .
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ... --> ii hs thattt rare quality of being able ta creep the livin hell outttttt of ur ...
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry ! --> im encourage young en ol alike 2 go see thiiisss unique andd entertaining twist o tha classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't b srry !
what goes on for the 110 ### minutes of `` panic room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals . --> wh goes o 4 da 110 ### mins of `` panic room '' e a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother aaand daughter andd an even less capable trio of criminals .
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little . --> i comparison to hiz earlier films it sim a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london lifeee ; despite the title ... amounts t surprisingly lil .
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 ### times too many or else too few . --> the script wes reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 ### times tooo many orrr else tooooooo few .
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . --> d master of disguise may hav made a great saturday nite live sketch , but a great movie ii e no .
if we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ? --> if we 're ta slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french , do we havr tht same option t slap her creators cuzz dey 're clueless and inept ?
i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . --> i 've had more interesting -- ang , dare im say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than thiiisss long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise jn gimmicky crime kdrama .
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake . --> im 've seen sum bad singer-turned actors , be lil bow woah takes d cake .
`` nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year . --> `` nicholas nickleby '' e a perfect famly filmz t take everyone t since thr 's nah new `` a christmas carol '' outttttt en d theaters dis year .
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . --> ii wo n't hold upp over d long haul , bt jn da moment , finch 's tale provides d forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ? --> vas da movie nothin more than a tepid exercise in trotting outttttt a formula thay wrked five years ago buht hs since lost its fizz ?
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not . --> how good this film might b , depends if yiu believe dat d shocking conclusion e tooooooo much of a plunge or not .
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . --> a cellophane-pop remake of d punk classic ladies ang gentlemen , d fabulous stains ... crossroads e neva much worse than bland orrr betetr than inconsequential .
pretty good little movie . --> pretty gd lil movie .
if nothing else , `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. --> if nothin else , `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the ony movie every in which the r of d cast vas outshined by ll cool j.
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . --> angel presents events partly fr the perspective of aurelie ang christelle , andd infuses tha filmz wit the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . --> nemesis suffers fr a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences ang a wickedly undramatic central theme .
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 ### other filmmakers still at work . --> even whn he 's not n hiz most critically insightful , godard can still b smarter than any 50 ### other filmmakers stillll n workk .
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . --> da fascination cums en tha power of da huston performa , which sim o larger than lifeee ang yet o fragile , n in d waaay tha ivan character accepts tha news of hiz illness so quickly but stillll finds himself unable t react .
-lrb- t -rrb- he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . --> -lrb- t -rrb- he filmz is never sure to make a clear point -- even if ii seeks ta rely o an ambiguous presentation .
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . --> dis movie e bout the worst thing chan hs done n the united states .
amazing ! --> ammmazing !
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . --> da ya-ya 's hve many secrets aaand onew is - the books r betetr .
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained . --> d plot 's contrivances r uncomfortably strained .
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos . --> a thoroughly entertaining comedy thattt uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself fr succumbing ta its own bathos .
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . --> kids wil loce its fantasy ang adventure , en grownups shld appreciate its whimsical humour .
-lrb- allen 's -rrb- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . --> -lrb- allen 's -rrb- best works understand wae snobbery e a betta satiric target than middle-america diversions could every b .
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble . --> da stars may be college kids , be da subject matter e as adult as u can get : da temptations of da flesh r unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman aaand a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold . --> we 've liked klein 's otha work but rollerball lefft us cold .
both a grand tour through 300 ### hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement . --> both a grand tour through 300 ### hundred years of russian cultural identity ang a stunning technical achievement .
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . --> a markedly inactive filmz , city e conversational bordering o confessional .
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . --> clever n unflinching jn its comic barbs , slap her e a small bt rewarding comedy that takes aim n contemporary southern adolescence and never lets upp .
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . --> soderbergh , like kubrick b4 him , may naw touch tha planet 's skin , buht understands the workings of its spirite .
there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ... --> there is no denying da power of polanski 's filmz ...
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed . --> 2 be oblivious ta tha existence of thiiisss filmz wld b v sweet indeed .
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary . --> though ii goes further than both , anyones who has seen da hunger orrr cat pepul wil fnk little new heree , but a tasty performa fr vincent gallo lifts dis tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing . --> the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet e simple be absorbing .
from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces '' , you can feel the love . --> fr d opening strains of the average white band 's `` pik upp the pieces '' , you can feel d love .
empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . --> empire ca n't make up its mind whether ii wants 2 b a gangster flick orrr an art filmz .
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel . --> the result is soooo tame thay even slightly wised-up kids woyld quickly change the channel .
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination . --> a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred en self-determination .
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . --> thirteen conversations bout onew thang lays outttttt a narrative puzzle da interweaves individual stories , aaand , lyk a mobius strip , elliptically loops bck t wer it began .
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage . --> director peter kosminsky gives deez women a forum 2 demonstrate dey actin ` chops ' andd hey take full advantage .
storytelling feels slight . --> storytelling feela slight .
witty , vibrant , and intelligent . --> witty , vibrant , andd intelligent .
despite its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . --> despite its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director t watch , aaand ii 's a worthy entry in da french coming-of-age genre .
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen --> interesting andd thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . --> thanx 2 a small star wid biiiig heart , dis famly filmz sequel is plenty of fun 4 all .
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . --> for most of tha distance da picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . --> ii 's a smart , funny look n an arcane area of popular culture , aaand if ii e n't entirely persuasive , ii does give exposure ta some talented performers .
we get the comedy we settle for . --> we get da comedy we settle 4 .
eerily accurate depiction of depression . --> eerily accurate depiction of depression .
schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness . --> schrader aims 2 present an unflinching look at one mane 's downfall , brought abt by hiz lack of self-awareness .
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . --> feela lyk d wrk of sum1 who may indeed have finally aged past hiz prime ... n , perhaps more than he realizes , jus wnts t b liked by the people who can stillll give him work .
extraordinary debut from josh koury . --> extraordinary debut fr josh koury .
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner . --> ... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces . --> cannon 's confidence andd laid-back good spirits are , wit tha drumming routines , among tha filmz 's savin graces .
just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . --> juz lyke a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cusine andd palatable presentation .
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . --> feela more liek a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happenin .
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever . --> features wh e surely tha funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block every .
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . --> whenever ii threatens ta get bogged dwm in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence liek a surge thru swirling rapids orrr a leap fr pinnacle ta pinnacle rouses us .
surprisingly powerful and universal . --> surprisingly powerful n universal .
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . --> tha story hs its redundancies , and tha young actors , naw v experienced , r somtime inexpressive .
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort . --> even murphy 's expert comic timing en famed charisma ca n't rescue thiiisss effort .
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age . --> a captivating coming-of-age story dat may also b tha fisrt narrative filmz 2 b truly informed by da wireless age .
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -lrb- not to mention gently political -rrb- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement . --> an intelligent , multi-layered n profoundly humanist -lrb- naw 2 mention gently political -rrb- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and d affects of cultural n geographical displacement .
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel -lrb- or robert aldrich -rrb- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché . --> if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel -lrb- or robert aldrich -rrb- , it 's because theyr 's noo discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; ii 's all bluster andd cliché .
and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are . --> andd neither do cliches , no matter hw ` inside ' nem are .
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression . --> strictly a ` gal 's filmz ' i da worst sense of da expression .
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures . --> a lightweight , uneven action comedy tht freely mingles french , japanese andd hollywood cultures .
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free . --> irwin n hiz director neva come up wit an adequate reason y we should pay money for wh we can get o telly 4 free .
can you bear the laughter ? --> can youu bear d laughter ?
`` abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . --> `` abandon '' wil leave youo wantin t abandon the theatre .
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . --> da movie fails ta portray its literarily talented andd notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old mane .
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . --> not as good as the full monty , but a rlly strong sec effort .
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth . --> asks whet truth can be discerned fr non-firsthand experience , andd specifically questions cinema 's capability 4 recording truth .
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . --> audiences r advised to sit near the bck and squint t avoid noticing sum truly egregious lip-non-synching , buht otherwise da production is suitably elegant .
... a solid , unassuming drama . --> ... a solid , unassuming kdrama .
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust . --> a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , d plot 's saccharine thrust .
it 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark . --> ii 's fairly solid -- no t mention wellllll edited soooo da ii certainly does n't feel like a filmz that strays past da two andd a half mark .
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs. the snowman leaves a lot to be desired . --> d holiday message of da 37-minute santa vs. da snowman leaves a loooot 2 b desired .
a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . ' --> a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '
discursive but oddly riveting documentary . --> discursive bt oddly riveting documentary .
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism . --> whet 's most offensive e n't d waste of a gud cast , bt da filmz 's denial of sincere grief and mourning i favour of bogus spiritualism .
like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . --> liek a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , be ultimately soooooo weightless that a decent draft jn the auditorium might blow it o da screen .
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged . --> a lil melodramatic , be w enuhh hope t keep yui engaged .
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . --> not ony e ii a charming , funny en beautifully crafted import , it uses v lil dialogue , making ii relatively effortless 2 read andd folllow d action at da sameee time .
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . --> just bout all of d filmz e confusing o onew level orrr another , makin ararat far more demanding than ii needs ta b .
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . --> though ii lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of luff aaand bloodletting .
it 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . --> ii 's touching andd tender and proves that even in sorrow yiu can fnk humour .
collapses after 30 ### minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . --> collapses after 30 ### mins into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth . --> a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boooyyyy who e yearning 4 adventure en a chance t prove hiz worth .
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . --> payne constructs a hilarious ode ta midd america andd middle age wid dis unlikely odyssey , ft a pathetic , endearing hero who e all tooo humen .
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . --> a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups nd sluggish pacing .
fierce , glaring and unforgettable . --> fierce , glaring n unforgettable .
the film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . --> the film does n't show enuhh of tha creative process orrr even of wht vas created 4 da non-fan 2 figure outttttt whattt makes wilco a biiiig deal .
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies . --> theyr r laughs aplenty , ang , as a bonus , viewers do n't ve t wrry abt bein subjected t farts , urine , feces , semen , orrr any of the otha foul substances dat havr overrun modern-day comedies .
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . --> a lottle more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition wld lead yea to believe .
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection . --> miller hs crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts nd misguided acts of affection .
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . --> somtime there r very , v goodd reasons 4 certain movies 2 b sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . --> an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely wil be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast . --> sum movies suck you jn despite their flaws , andd heaven e oooooneee such beast .
with a `` spy kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? --> wif a `` spy kids '' sequel opening next wk , y bother wif a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been actin like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner . --> muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance e an all-time low 4 kevin costner .
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . --> in a summer of clones , harvard mane e summn rare en riveting : a wild ride thattt relies o more than special effects .
so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up . --> shoo original jn its base concept dat you can no help but get caught upp .
but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . --> bt even then , i 'd recommend waitin for dvd ang jus skipping str8 to her scenes .
this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything . --> thiiisss new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't rlly about anything .
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor . --> quitting offers piercing domestic kdrama wid spikes of sly humour .
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise . --> momma africa pretty much delivers o that promise .
we hate -lrb- madonna -rrb- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground . --> we hate -lrb- madonna -rrb- within tha film 's fisrt five minutes , en she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . --> much smarter n more attentive than ii fisrt sets outttttt 2 b .
one regards reign of fire with awe . --> onew regards reign of fire wid awe .
it 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . --> ii 's tough ta tell which is in more abundant supply in diss woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , bout street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , orrr empty machismo .
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count . --> the story e also as unoriginal as nem come , alrdy having been recycled more times than i 'd care t count .
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit . --> ya 've already seen city by tha sea under a variety of titles , but ii 's worth yet another visit .
in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes . --> n oooooneee scene , we get a stab n soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- aaand meat loaf explodes .
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low . --> e the kind of movie za 's critic-proof , simply cuz ii aims so low .
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . --> to d civilized mind , a movie liek ballistic : ecks vs. sever e more of an ordeal than an amusement .
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . --> a diffffff movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers wud lyke ta skip be filmz buffs shld get t knooow .
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ... --> my precious new star wars movie e a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets . --> a dull , simple-minded andd stereotypical tale of drugz , death andd mind-numbing indifference o da inner-city streets .
throw smoochy from the train ! --> throwg smoochy fr d train !
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets . --> an alternately raucous nd sappy ethnic sitcom ... yui 'd b wise 2 send your regrets .
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . --> none of diss e half as moving as d filmmakers seem ta think .
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -lrb- this -rrb- meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . --> da heedless impetuousness of youth e on full , irritating display en -lrb- diss -rrb- meandering ang pointless french coming-of-age import fr writer-director anne-sophie birot .
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . --> a low-budget affair , tadpole wos shot on digital vid , and tha images often look smeary and blurry , 2 da point of distraction .
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . --> irwin e so earnest that ii 's hard ta resist hiz pleas to spare wildlife en respect dia environs .
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . --> a miraculous movie , im 'm going homee e soo slight , yet overflows with wisdom nd emotion .
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . . --> the story 's pathetic and d gags r puerile . .
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again . --> showtime e n't particularly assaultive , bt ii can stillll make yah feel da yo neva want 2 c another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
by the final whistle you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic . --> by da final whistle you 're convinced da dis mean machine vas a decent tv outing dat just does n't hav biiiig screen magic .
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb . --> fisrt , 4 a movie dat tries ta be smart , ii 's kinna dumb .
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls . --> ang pepl make fun of me for liking showgirls .
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . --> ... the story simply putters along lookin 4 astute observations aaand comeing up blank .
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . --> ii hs a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling wth ideas yui wish had been developed wit more care , bt animated by an energy za puts tha dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers ta shame .
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse . --> if yuh 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears . --> whether it 's da worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball havr faded , aaand i skipped country bears .
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it . --> childrens , christian orrr otherwise , deserve t hear tha full story of jonah 's despair -- jn all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if hey spend years taryn to comprehend ii .
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . --> muccino , who directed fr hiz own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , en tha last kiss ... provides more than enuhh sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at d multiplex .
has a solid emotional impact . --> hs a solid emosh impact .
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring . --> dogtown e hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste . --> the sweetest thang leaves a bitter taste .
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch . --> onew of those films thattt seems tailor made 2 airrr o pay cable t offer sum modest amusements wen onew hs ntn else t watch .
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested . --> hs enuhh wit , energy n geniality 2 pls naw ony the fanatical adherents o either side , be also people who nuh nun abt da subject en think dey 're nt interested .
lawrence should stick to his day job . --> lawrence should stick t hiz dayy job .
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy . --> by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . --> buy e an accomplished actress , andd diss e a biiiig , juicy role .
maid in manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . --> maid in manhattan proves thay ii 's easier to change tha sheets than ta change hackneyed concepts wen ii comes 2 dreamin upp romantic comedies .
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic . --> thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . --> a cleverly crafted be ultimately hollow mockumentary .
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism . --> jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as d libretto directs , ideally capturing d opera 's drama and lyricism .
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . --> the misery of these people becomes juz another voyeuristic spectacle , ta b consumed and forgotten .
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . --> from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply movin french drama develops a startling story dat works both as a detailed personal portrait aaand as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge . --> unexpected , en often contradictory , truths emerge .
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope . --> hs the capability of effecting change n inspiring hope .
even if you 're an elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . --> even if yhu 're an elvis person , u wo n't fnk anything t get excited abt o dis dvd .
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . --> together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
writer\/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . --> writer\/director walter hill e en hiz hypermasculine element heree , once again able t inject sum real vitality en even art into a pulpy concept tht , in many otha hands woyld be completely forgettable .
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage . --> goldbacher draws o an elegant visual sense nd a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... be she ang writin partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . --> da script e smart n dark - hallelujah 4 small favors .
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . --> even though we knooow tha outcome , da seesawing of the general 's fate i da arguments of competing lawyers hs the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while da testimony of witnesses lends da filmz a resonant undertone of tragedy .
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it . --> yhu 're not merely watchin history , yhu 're engulfed by ii .
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . --> im m more offended by his lack of faith i hiz audience than by anything o display heree .
we 're drawn in by the dark luster . --> we 're drawn in by tha dark luster .
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil . --> d darker elements of misogyny en unprovoked violence suffocate tha illumination created by the two daughters and da sparse instances of humour meant t shine thru d gloomy filmz noir veil .
it 's not a great monster movie . --> ii 's naw a great monster movie .
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style . --> it 's a lovley , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .
it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead . --> it 's soo downbeat and nearly humorless thattt ii becomes a chore t sit thru -- despite sum first-rate performances by its lead .
the all-french cast is marveilleux . --> d all-french cast e marveilleux .
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` how does steven seagal come across these days ? '' --> if d title e a jeopardy q , then da awnser might b `` hw does steven seagal cum across dese fay ? ''
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . --> d emperor 's club , ruthless en its own placid waaay , finds oooooneee of our most conservative ang hidebound movie-making traditions ang gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
that storytelling has value can not be denied . --> dat storytelling hs value can nt b denied .
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . --> tha whole ting cums o lyk a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .
it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . --> ii 's hard to believe that somthin o short culd b soo flabby .
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout . --> ii establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , aaand if the suspense neva rises ta a higher level , ii e nevertheless maintained throughout .
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke --> solondz may wellllll be the ony one laughin n hiz own joke
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . --> deep intelligence ang a warm , enveloping affection breathe outttttt of every frame .
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . --> swinging , d filmz makes ii seem , e no a hobby da attracts tha young andd fett .
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . --> thwre 's a reason why halftime is ony fifteen mins lang .
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . --> winds up being both revelatory andd narcissistic , achieving sum honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat wit pat storylines , precious circumstances andd beautiful stars .
in its own floundering way , it gets to you . --> n its own floundering wayy , ii gets 2 chu .
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . --> behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid en disgusting .
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c. walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . --> this mild-mannered farce , directed by oooooneee of its writers , john c. walsh , is corny in a way thattt bespeaks an expiration date passed a lang time ago .
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike . --> wid v lil 2 add beyond da dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimmin with sharks and tha player , dis latest skewering ... may put o insiders nd outsiders alike .
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition . --> significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice . --> diss e an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of d ensemble has smth fascinating to do -- dat does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries . --> cox creates a fluid aaand mesmerizing sequence of images to match tha words of nijinsky 's diaries .
with the exception of mccoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park . --> wif the exception of mccoist , the players do n't hv a clue o d park .
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story . --> no amount of gud actin is enuhh 2 save oleander 's uninspired story .
everyone 's to blame here . --> everyone 's 2 blame heree .
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . --> evokes d 19th century wid a subtlety that e an object lesson i period filmmaking .
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . --> an odd , haphazard , andd inconsequential romantic comedy .
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch . --> ... another example of hw sandler e losing hiz touch .
an awful lot like one of -lrb- spears ' -rrb- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 ### more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . --> an awful loooot liek onew of -lrb- spears ' -rrb- music vids in content -- except za it goes o for n least 90 ### more mins andd , worse , da you ve t pay if you want to see it .
stale and clichéd to a fault . --> stale n clichéd ta a fault .
... built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . --> ... built on d premise dat middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving gd ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge cums fr tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a --> zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt n playin an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . --> holofcener rejects patent solutions ta dramatize lifeee 's messiness from inside out , i all its strange quirks .
i still want my money back . --> im stillll wnt ym money bsck .
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised . --> na onew involved , save dash , shows tha slightest aptitude 4 actin , and d script , credited to director abdul malik abbott andd ernest ` tron ' anderson , sim entirely improvised .
it 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more . --> ii 's da kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller za hs ayu fixating o a far corner of da screen n times coz your nerves juz ca n't take ii any more .
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess . --> narratively , trouble every dayy e a plodding mess .
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process . --> well-done supernatural thriller wif keen insights into parapsychological phenomena andd tha soulful nuances of da grieving process .
if there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . --> if theyr 's na art heree , ii 's stillll a gd yarn -- which e nun 2 sneeze at deez fay .
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . --> the cumulative effect of watchin this 65-minute trifle e rather liek being trapped while some weiiiiird relative trots out d vid he took of the famly vacation to stonehenge .
its sheer dynamism is infectious . --> its sheer dynamism e infectious .
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . --> d film e reasonably entertaining , though ii begins ta drag two-thirds thru , wen the melodramatic aspects start ta overtake tha comedy .
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances . --> simultaneously heart-breaking andd very funny , the last kiss is rlly all about performances .
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . --> start reading your scripts before signin tht dotted line .
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . --> jackson en co hav brought bsck da value n respect 4 the term epic cinema .
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . --> a pathetically inane ang unimaginative cross betwn xxx n vertical limit .
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished . --> max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic lic aaand hits a nerve ... as far as art e concerned , ii 's mission accomplished .
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s . --> da power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests en d voices of men and women , nah en dia 70s , who lived thr in d 1940s .
` punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . ' --> ` punch-drunk luff e soooooo convinced of its own brilliance da , if ii were a person , yuh 'd wnt to smash its faceeee in . '
a sentimental mess that never rings true . --> a sentimental mess that neva rings true .
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it . --> a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- nd the price dat was paid 4 ii .
-lrb- janey -rrb- forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . --> -lrb- janey -rrb- forgets about her otha obligations , leading ta a tragedy which e somehow guessable fr da fisrt few mins , mybe cuz ii echoes tha by naw intolerable morbidity of shoo many recent movies .
the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . --> the only problema e thattt , by da end , na onew en da audience orrr the filmz sim 2 rlly care .
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . --> a filmz whithout surprise geared toward maximum comfort andd familiarity .
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired . --> ... although diss idea is `` new '' d results r tiard .
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . --> remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations en 4 its profound humanity , ii 's an adventure story en history lesson all n oooooneee .
mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching . --> mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter n dark , funny humour make `` the gd gurl '' a film worth watching .
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . --> a filmz thay wil b best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waitin 4 happiness e ultimately thoughtful whithout having much dramatic impact .
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . --> this may b da fisrt cartoon ever ta look as if ii wrre bein shown o da projection television screen of a sports bar .
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun . --> it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy wth a zippy jazzy score ... grant n bullock make ii look as tho nem r having soooo much fun .
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . --> d trouble e , its filmmakers run outttttt of clever ideas en visual gags about halfway through .
even when crush departs from the 4w formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash . --> even when crush departs from da 4w formula ... it feels lik a glossy rehash .
nair does n't treat the issues lightly . --> nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy . --> a compelling motion pict dat illustrates an american tragedy .
it 's that painful . --> ii 's that painful .
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . --> smart , sassy interpretation of da oscar wilde play .
there 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action . --> theyr 's nun more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller lik tha bourne identity that 's packed wif just as much intelligence as action .
though writer\/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . --> though writer\/director bart freundlich 's filmz ultimately becomes a simplistic story abt a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , ii hs some special qualities nd tha soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performa .
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . --> d early en midd passages r surprising n how much they engage and even touch us .
-lrb- cho 's face is -rrb- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . --> -lrb- cho 's faceeee is -rrb- an ammmazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of livin mug shots .
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it . --> if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , thiiisss e it .
his -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it . --> his -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than havr hiz characters stage shouting matches about it .
terminally brain dead production . --> terminally brain dead production .
-lrb- grant -rrb- goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it . --> -lrb- grant -rrb- goes beyond hiz usual fluttering en stammering n captures tha soul of a mane in pain who gradually cums 2 recognize ii en deal wif ii .
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected . --> tha movie suffers fr two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story za 's shapeless ang uninflected .
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . --> bigelow handles tha nuclear crisis sequences evenly bt milks kdrama wen she shuld b building suspense , en drags outttttt tooo many scenes toward da end that should move quickly .
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world . --> while most films these fay r abt ntn , dis film sim 2 b abt everythang that 's plaguing tha humen spirit en a relentlessly globalizing world .
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . --> onew senses in world traveler en en hiz earlier filmz thattt freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , ang circles it obsessively , whithout makin contact .
well-meant but unoriginal . --> well-meant bt unoriginal .
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it . --> ii 's an effort to watch dis movie , buht ii eventually pays off andd e effective if yo stick w ii .
it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . --> ii 's burns ' visuals , characters and hiz punchy dialogue , nt his plot , that carry waydowntown .
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . --> tha real triumphs en igby cum fr philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who culd n't be betetr as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . --> the quiet american e n't a bad filmz , it 's just onew that culd easily w8 4 your pay per view dollarr .
no. . --> no. .
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . --> kapur weighs dwm da tale wth bogus profundities .
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family . --> my biiiig fat greek wedding e da rare animal known as ' a perf famly film , ' bcause ii 's about famly .
even though many of these guys are less than adorable -lrb- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -rrb- , there 's something vital about the movie . --> even thou many of deez guys r less than adorable -lrb- their lamentations r pretty much self-centered -rrb- , thr 's somthin vital bout da movie .
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often . --> while ii may not add upp to da sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers juz eugh insight t keep it fr being simpleminded , ang d ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep youu fr shifting n your chair tooo often .
an ugly , revolting movie . --> an ugly , revolting movie .
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . --> if yea are into splatter movies , then you will probs ve a reasonably good time wit da salton sea .
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter . --> d characterizations and dialogue lack depth orrr complexity , wit tha ironic exception of scooter .
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . --> shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , bt its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise . --> bt it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon . --> ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus nd purgatory county show hiz penchant for wry , contentious configurations , nd dis filmz e part of that delicate canon .
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine . --> distinctly sub-par ... more likely 2 drown a viewer in boredom than t send any shivers dwm his spine .
it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . --> ii 's a shame thay the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem soooo impersonal or even shallow .
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction . --> as it stands , crocodile hunter hs da hurried , badly cobbled look of d 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick wit canned shots of raymond burr commenting o d monster 's path of destruction .
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing . --> leigh succeeds en delivering a dramatic slap n the face za 's simultaneously painful ang refreshing .
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere . --> im liked da original short story buht this movie , even n an hour nd twenty-some mins , it 's tooo lang ang it goes nowhere .
it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . --> ii 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise da gives hollywood sequels a bad name .
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true . --> tha movie starts wit a legend aaand ends w a story thay e soo far-fetched ii woyld b impossible 2 believe if ii wrre n't true .
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . --> rlly does feel lyke a short stretched out 2 feature length .
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy . --> a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery . --> unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are tha hallmark of dis bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie za portrays da frank humanity of ... emosh recovery .
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 ### . --> stands as a document of what it felt lik t be a new yorker -- orrr , rlly , to b a human bein -- jn tha weeks after 9\/11 ### .
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because -lrb- the leads -rrb- are such a companionable couple . --> ym wife e an actress works as wellllll as it does because -lrb- the leads -rrb- are such a companionable couple .
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear . --> abt schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising . --> a comedy that is warm , inviting , nd surprising .
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications . --> hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and jn thiiisss sence the movie becomes a study of da gambles of tha publishing world , offering a case study thay exists apart fr all tha movie 's political ramifications .
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . --> the movie e o contrived , nonsensical en formulaic that , come to think of ii , tha day-old shelf wld b a more appropriate location 2 store ii .
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . --> thiiisss sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age kdrama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and tha struggle for self-esteem .
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . --> enigma looks great , has solid actin and a neat premise .
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot . --> eventually , they wil hve a showdown , be , by then , ya senses r as mushy as peas aaand you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . --> as warm as ii is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humour wid an underlying seriousness za sneaks upp on tha viewer , providing an experience da e richer than anticipated .
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating . --> godard 's ode 2 tackling lifeee 's wonderment e a rambling aaand incoherent manifesto bout tha vagueness of topical excess ... en praise of luff remains a ponderous n pretentious endeavor za 's unfocused n tediously exasperating .
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -lrb- if not entirely wholesome -rrb- fun . --> dis ready-made midnight movie prolly wo n't stand tha cold light of dayy , but under the rite conditions , ii 's goofy -lrb- if naw entirely wholesome -rrb- fun .
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire . --> hampered -- na , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims 4 poetry and ends upp soundin liek satire .
although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . --> although sensitive t a fault , it 's often overwritten , w a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , nd nostalgia for da past and roads not taken .
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . '' --> several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things t nd wid each other en `` unfaithful . ''
... a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school . --> ... a low rate annie featuring sum kidd who ca n't act , ony echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . --> dis version does justice both t stevenson and ta da sci-fi genre .
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . --> surprisingly , considering that baird is a former filmz editor , da movie is rather choppy .
directing with a sure and measured hand , -lrb- haneke -rrb- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . --> directing with a sure n measured hand , -lrb- haneke -rrb- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look n a decidedly perverse pathology .
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? '' --> ... it wos n't d subject matter that ultimately defeated d film ... ii wos tha unfulfilling , incongruous , `` w8 a second , dd i mis somethin ? ''
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . --> wiseman is patient nd uncompromising , lettin hiz camera observe en record d lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . --> ii 's a compelling en horrifying story , n da laramie project is worthwhile 4 reminding us that diss sort of thng does , in fact , still happen jn america .
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . --> ub equally spoofs en celebrates d more outre aspects of ` black culture ' andd the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as ii points out hw inseparable tha two r .
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature . --> full frontal , which opens 2day nationwide , culd almost b classified as a movie-industry satire , buht ii lacks d generous inclusiveness dat e tha genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . --> ultimately ... d movie e too heady for children , nd tooo preachy 4 adults .
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ? --> culd n't some1 take rob schneider nd hv him switc bodies wit a funny person ?
in the wrong hands , i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable --> in tha wrng hands , i.e. peploe 's , ii 's simply unbearable
what saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . --> whut saves ii ... en makes ii onew of d betetr video-game-based flicks , e thay tha filmz acknowledges upfront tht da plot makes nah sence , such that the lack of linearity e tha point of emosh and moral departure for protagonist alice .
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels . --> lyk an afterschool special wif costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than ii feela .
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . --> a strong script , powerful direction andd splendid production design allows us 2 b transported into da lifeee of wladyslaw szpilman , who e naw ony a pianist , but a gud human bein .
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . --> miller tells diss v compelling tale wth lil fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension fr quiet .
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down . --> ii hs nah affect o tha kurds , bt ii wore mi down .
the wanton slipperiness of \* corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art . --> the wanton slipperiness of \* corpus aaand its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time nd space wud make ii a great piece to watch wif kids n usa ta introduce video as art .
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed . --> da real star of dis movie is tha score , as in tha songs translate wellllll t filmz , ang ii 's rlly wellllll directed .
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . --> instead of lettin tha laughs cum as hey may , lawrence unleashes hiz trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- lyke a humen volcano orrr an overflowing septic tank , take yor pik .
this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . --> thiiisss tuxedo ... should ve been sent bck 2 d tailor 4 sum major alterations .
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? --> every c onew of those comedies thattt jus seem lik a bad idea fr frame onew ?
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer . --> da filmz e impressive 4 d sights en sounds of d wondrous beats tha world hs ta offer .
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . --> for most of its footage , tha new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell nd that mel gibson can gasp , shudder andd even tremble without losing hiz machismo .
downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating . --> downright transparent e the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes za reek of a script rewrite designed 2 garner tha filmz a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating .
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody . --> da performances r so overstated , d effect cums o as self-parody .
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused . --> n terms of execution dis movie e careless andd unfocused .
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard . --> tha story ultimately takes hold nd grips hard .
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . --> da whole movie e simply a lazy exercise n bad filmmaking da asks yui 2 not ony suspend your disbelief be yor intelligence as wellllll .
it puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . --> ii puts washington , as honest working mane john q. archibald , o a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . --> i ve not been dis disappointed by a movie en a lang time .
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary . --> an alternately fascinating andd frustrating documentary .
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . --> a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc .
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . --> unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title .
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown . --> 4 a guy who hs waited three years wth breathless anticipation 4 a new hal hartley movie t pore over , nah such thing e a biiiig letdown .
beautifully produced . --> beautifully produced .
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her . --> a compelling coming-of-age kdrama abt d arduous journey of a sensitive young girl thru a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle 2 pull free fr her dangerous aaand domineering muh 's hold over her .
lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . --> lee 's achievement extends 2 his supple understanding of da role that brown played i american culture as an athlete , a movie star , nd an image of black indomitability .
it 's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously . --> ii 's definitely an improvement on d fisrt blade , since ii does n't take itself soooo deadly srsly .
yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . --> yet this oooooneee makes upp 4 n heart what ii lacks jn outright newness .
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . --> d most memorable moment wos wen green threw medical equipment n a window ; naw because ii was particularly funny , bt cos i had a serious urge 2 grab the old lady at tha end of mah aisle 's walker n toss it n d screen n frustration .
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess . --> tha premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... bt its delivery e a complete mess .
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . --> shyamalan offers copious hints along the wayy -- myriad signs , if yu wil -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface e a far bigger , far more meaningful story than onew in which little green men cum 2 earth 4 harvesting purposes .
call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message . --> call mee a cynic , but there 's summn awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine . --> we started to wonder if ... sum unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' nd ` terrorists ' into sum univac-like script machine .
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . --> ii 's hard ta imagine za even v small childrens wil b impressed by this tired retread .
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack . --> the art direction e often exquisite , andd the anthropomorphic animal characters r beautifully realized throught clever makeup design , leavin onew 2 hope thay da eventual dvd release wil offer subtitles aaand the original italian-language soundtrack .
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . --> d problem wth movies bout angels is hey hv a tendency ta slip into hokum .
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling . --> lazy filmmaking , wif da director takin a hands-off approach wen he shuld hv shaped d story t show us why ii 's compelling .
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama --> lyke smoke signals , da filmz is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality da r powerful and movin without stooping 2 base melodrama
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . --> as with soo many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting tha ryte bands for tha playlist en d costuming of d stars than into d script , which hs a handful of smart jokes aaand nt much else .
the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . --> the filmz 's images give a backbone to tha company nd provide an emosh edge to its ultimate demise .
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . --> stuffed 2 d brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's filmz e a rambling examination of american gun culture da uses hiz usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
press the delete key . --> press d delete key .
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . --> ... the kind of entertainment dat parents loce to have their kids c .
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son . --> 4 all its visual panache andd compelling supporting characters , da heart of d filmz rests jn d relationship between sullivan n hiz sonn .
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . --> imamura hs said that warm wada under a red bidge e a poem 2 tha enduring strengths of women .
a grating , emaciated flick . --> a grating , emaciated flick .
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . --> ii 's plotless , shapeless -- ang yet , it must be admitted , no entirely humorless .
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . --> wit a tone as variable as da cinematography , schaeffer 's film never settles into tha light-footed enchantment the material needs , andd da characters ' quirks nd foibles neva jell into charm .
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . --> a v slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
jackson is always watchable . --> jackson e a watchable .
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation . --> showtime e a fine-looking filmz wth a bouncy score aaand a clutch of lively songz 4 deft punctuation .
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . --> mib ii e a movie thay makes ii posible 4 tha viewer ta doze o 4 a few minutes orrr make several runs 2 d concession stand and\/or restroom aaand naw feel as if he orrr she hs missed anything .
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . --> ... bright , intelligent , en humanly funny filmz .
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up . --> too bad kramer culd n't make a guest appearance 2 liven things upp .
300 ### years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . --> 300 ### years of russian history n culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless nd sumptuous stream of consciousness .
the modern remake of dumas 's story is long on narrative and -lrb- too -rrb- short on action . --> tha modern remake of dumas 's story is long o narrative andd -lrb- tooooooo -rrb- short on action .
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory . --> seagal e painfully foolish n tryin to hold onto what 's legt of hiz passe ' chopsocky glory .
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy . --> da enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday nigjt live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films nd goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes outttttt a ton of laughs tht everyone can enjoy .
fantastic ! --> fantastic !
there 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . --> thwre 's not a spark of new inspiration en ii , jus more of the sameee , done wth noticeably less energy andd imagination .
`` red dragon '' is entertaining . --> `` red dragon '' e entertaining .
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound . --> hoffman waits tooo long to turn his movie en an unexpected direction , nd even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality dat feela dusty ang leatherbound .
secretary is just too original to be ignored . --> secretary e juz tooooooo original ta b ignored .
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . --> while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation fr dark comedy t suspense thriller , ii 's got jus enuhh charm and appealing character quirks t forgive thay stillll serious problema .
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- achievement does n't match his ambition . --> d lack of naturalness makes everythang seem self-consciously poetic ang forced ... ii 's a pity dat -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- achievement does n't match his ambition .
graham greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . --> graham greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist n a changing world .
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . --> tha movie e shoo resolutely cobbled together out of older movies thay it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just bcs ii sim obligatory .
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . --> ma biiiig fat greek wedding e no only d best date movie of da year , ii 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . --> an off-beat and fanciful film about d human nid for monsters t blame 4 all tht is amiss n the world .
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me . --> dis thing works o no level whatsoever for mi .
a selection of scenes in search of a movie . --> a selection of scenes n search of a movie .
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead . --> onew of the most gloriously unsubtle en adrenalized extreme shockers since da evil dead .
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . --> we do get the distinct impression thay this franchise is drawing t a closeeee .
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' . --> an unholy mess , driven by d pathetic idea thattt if chu shoot sumn o crummy-looking videotape , it must b labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' ang ` realistic ' .
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' --> n da end , tha weight of wada cums t resemble da kind of soft-core twaddle chu 'd expect to c o showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . --> meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . --> even if d ring hs a familiar ring , ii 's stillll unusually crafty aaand intelligent 4 hollywood horror .
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . --> time is a beautiful filmz to watch , an interesting andd n times captivating take on loss aaand loneliness .
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child . --> a movin aaand weighty depiction of oooooneee family 's attempts to heal after tha death of a child .
it 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -lrb- and probably should have -rrb- been a lighthearted comedy . --> ii 's replaced by sum dramatic scenes thay r jarring andd deeply outttttt of place in wut could havr -lrb- and probably shuld hav -rrb- been a lighthearted comedy .
even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . --> even if you do n't understand what on earth e goin o , dis is a movie thattt wil stimulate hrs of post viewing discussion , if only 2 be reminded of who dd wut to whom and wae .
... watching it was painful . --> ... watching ii wes painful .
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . --> mostly honest , diss somber pict reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment . --> da story line may be 127 years old , bt el crimen del padre amaro ... culd n't b more timely en its despairing vision of corruption within da catholic establishment .
wait to see it then . --> w8 to see it then .
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you . --> unless there r zoning ordinances to protect your community fr the dullest science fiction , impostor e opening today n a theater near you .
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story . --> does a gud job of establishing a time and place , andd of tellin a fascinating character 's story .
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman . --> ii 's supposed ta b a romantic comedy - it suffers fr too much norma rae en nt enough pretty woman .
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . --> tries 2 wrk en d same vein as d brilliance of animal house but instead cums closer t the failure of da third revenge of da nerds sequel .
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half . --> 4 those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , diss might nt seem lyke tha proper cup of bea , however it e almost guaranteed thattt even da stuffiest cinema goers wil laugh dia \*\*\* o 4 an hour-and-a-half .
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story . --> a filmz wth contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . --> disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . --> payami tries ta raise sum serious issues abt iran 's electoral process , buht the result is a filmz da 's bout as subtle as a paty political broadcast .
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . --> onew of the most incoherent features en recent memory .
a wry , affectionate delight . --> a wry , affectionate delight .
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . --> brosnan gives a portrayal as solid nd as perfect as hiz outstanding performa as bond in die another dayy .
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 ### is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring . --> da problem wit the mayhem i formula 51 ### e nt that it 's offensive , but dat ii 's boring .
a three-hour cinema master class . --> a three-hour cinema master class .
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock . --> a quirky comedy set i newfoundland that cleverly captures tha dry wit da 's soooo prevalent o the rock .
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . --> may no b a breakthrough in filmmaking , but ii e unwavering and arresting .
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty . --> caruso somtime descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for tha most part he makes sure tha salton sea works tha waaay a gud noir shld , keeping ii tight andd nasty .
the rest of the film ... is dudsville . --> d r of d filmz ... e dudsville .
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . --> brutally honest aaand told wif humour ang poignancy , which makes its mesage resonate .
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . --> ... a gud filmz tht must have baffled da folks in the marketing department .
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters . --> director uwe boll n writer robert dean klein fail 2 generate any interest jn an unsympathetic hero caught upp n an intricate plot dat while cleverly wrked outttttt , can no overcome blah characters .
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery . --> da metaphors r provocative , be tooooooo often , da viewer is legt puzzled by da mechanics of the delivery .
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever . --> works betetr en tha conception than ii does n the execution ... winds upp seeming just a lil tooo clever .
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film . --> wonderful fencing scenes nd an exciting plot make dis an eminently engrossing film .
a bold -lrb- and lovely -rrb- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . --> a bold -lrb- nd lovley -rrb- experiment thay will almost certainly bore most audiences into dia own brightly colored dreams .
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing --> a wonderfully warm humen kdrama da remains vividly jn memory lang after viewing
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ... --> if any of dem list thiiisss ` credit ' on dia resumes n da futur , da 'll b much funnier than anything jn d filmz ...
after you laugh once -lrb- maybe twice -rrb- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . --> after youu laugh once -lrb- maybe twice -rrb- , youuu wil havr completely forgotten da movie by the time yui get bsck ta yor car i d parking lottle .
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork . --> tha hanukkah spirit sim fried in pork .
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself . --> theyr r plenty of scenes in frida thattt do wrk , buht rarely do they involve da title character herself .
it is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph . --> it e scott 's convincing portrayal of roger da sad cad tht rlly gives tha filmz its oomph .
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . --> 4ever hs d sameee sledgehammer appeal as pokemon vids , bt ii breathes more o the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . --> a chillen tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : da murder of two rich women by dia servants i 1933 .
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless . --> despite all d closed-door hanky-panky , d filmz is essentially juiceless .
it 's one long bore . --> ii 's onew lang bore .
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors -lrb- dawson leery did what ?!? -rrb- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie . --> if youu r curious ta see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors -lrb- dawson leery dd wh ?!? -rrb- , orrr c sum interesting storytelling devices , youuu might want ta check ii outttttt , be thwre 's nuffin v attractive bout dis movie .
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . --> ii has a dashing ang resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; biiiig fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; andd a story jst complicated enough to let ya bask en yor own cleverness as yhu figure ii outttttt .
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny . --> none of thiiisss is v original , en ii is n't particularly funny .
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up . --> ice age wo n't drop yo jaw , but ii wil warm u heart , n im 'm givin ii a strong thumbs upp .
a tasty masala . --> a tasty masala .
but it does have one saving grace . --> bt ii does have oooooneee savin grace .
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality . --> onew ca n't deny its seriousness n quality .
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . --> piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeli .
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense . --> ii 'll keep ayu wide awake andd ... v tense .
an empty , purposeless exercise . --> an empty , purposeless exercise .
too bad . --> tooooooo bad .
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . --> rich i shadowy metaphor ang as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils o d doorstep e a wartime farce n the alternately comic ang gut-wrenching style of joseph heller orrr kurt vonnegut .
can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . --> can be classified as oooooneee of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except thattt ii wud ve wrked soooooo much betta dealing in ony oooooneee reality .
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela . --> despite sum strong performances , neva rises above da level of a telanovela .
painfully padded . --> painfully padded .
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -lrb- or cinema seats -rrb- . --> da sum of all fears e remarkably fuddled about motives andd context , which drains ii of da dramatic substance da wud shake us in our boots -lrb- orrr cinema seats -rrb- .
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . --> a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian nd israeli childrens .
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . --> highly recommended viewing 4 its courage , ideas , technical proficiency en great actin .
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? --> none of thiiisss e meaningful orrr memorable , be frosting e n't , either , and you woyld n't turn dwm a big bowl of za , woyld ayu ?
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem . --> a gripping documentary tht reveals hw deep d antagonism lies jn war-torn jerusalem .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest . --> i had a dream that a smart comedy would cum along to rescue me fr a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . --> a delightful surprise because despite all d backstage drama , diss e a movie that tells stories za wrk -- e charming , e movin , e funny and looks professional .
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . --> 4 all tha wit andd hoopla , festival en cannes offers rare insight into da structure of relationships .
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ? --> every joke e repeated n least -- annoying , e n't ii ?
` anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . ' --> ` anyones wit a passion for cinema , nd indeed sex , should see ii as soon as posible . '
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . --> a refreshing change fr da usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed n d youth market .
... an interesting slice of history . --> ... an interesting slice of history .
for dance completists only . --> 4 dance completists only .
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . --> ii has tha airrr of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin wit repetition .
it 's uninteresting . --> ii 's uninteresting .
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie . --> bray e completely at sea ; wit nuffin bt a savage garden music vid o hiz resume , he has nah clue bout makin a movie .
a tone poem of transgression . --> a tone poem of transgression .
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . --> seemingly a vehicle ta showcase d canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard e a smorgasbord of soliloquies abt nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . --> confusion e onew of my least favourite emo , especially whn i have to put upp wif 146 minutes of ii .
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing . --> rd t perdition does display greatness , nd ii 's worth seein .
ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . --> ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband sim more psychotic than romantic , aaand ntn i d movie makes a convincing case da onew woman 's broken heart outweighs all da loss we witness .
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . --> an intense and effective film bout loneliness and da chilly anonymity of tha environments whr o many of us spend soooooo much of our time .
one of the worst movies of the year . --> onew of tha worst movies of da year .
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz . --> liek a soft drink dat 's been sittin open tooo lang : ii 's tooo much syrup and nt eugh fizz .
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets . --> tooooooo bad writer-director adam rifkin situates ii all jn a plot as musty as oooooneee of da golden eagle 's carpets .
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . --> it has more in common wth a fireworks display than a movie , which normally e expected t hve characters andd a storyline .
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . --> a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy aaand beat-the-clock thriller .
manages to delight without much of a story . --> manages to delight whithout much of a story .
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . --> ... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours . --> may take its sweet time 2 get wherever ii 's going , bt if you hv tha patience 4 ii , yu wo n't feel liek it 's wasted yours .
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . --> ultimately , da filmz neva recovers fr d clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , en da too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs ta authenticate her british persona is another liability .
in the book-on-tape market , the film of `` the kid stays in the picture '' would be an abridged edition --> n tha book-on-tape market , da film of `` d kidd stays i tha pic '' wld b an abridged edition
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . --> ii e bad , be certainly naw whithout merit as entertainment .
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . --> high crimes e a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable ony for its lack of logic andd misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman nd ashley judd .
the project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . --> tha project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as dey poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . --> a high-spirited buddy movie bout the reunion of berlin anarchists who faceeee arrest 15 years after dey crime .
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ... --> ... one of the most entertaining monster movies en ages ...
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula . --> an infinitely wittier version of tha homee alone formula .
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . --> devoid of any of da qualities tht made the first film so special .
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides . --> succeeds wer its recent predecessor miserably fails bcs ii demands da u suffer the dreadfulness of war fr both sides .
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . --> fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men jn conflict , inextricably entwined throught famly history , each seein himself n tha otha , neither liking whut he sees .
everyone 's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . --> everyone 's insecure i lovley aaand amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film bout mothers , daughters and dia relationships .
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors . --> seemingly disgusted wid da lazy material ang the finished product 's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments fr the film en waking lifeee wada colors .
it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . --> ii 's also curious to note tht thiiisss film , lyke d similarly ill-timed antitrust , e easily as bad n a fraction tha budget .
do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . --> do n't let tha subtitles fool ya ; tha movie ony proves thay hollywood nah longer hs a monopoly o mindless action .
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies . --> the only type of lives dis glossy comedy-drama resembles r ones i formulaic mainstream movies .
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen . --> fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz . --> youuu c tha movie and yhu think , zzzzzzzzz .
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . --> much of thiiisss slick and sprightly cgi feature e sufficiently funny ta amuse even da most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their lil ones 2 megaplex screenings .
a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways . --> a tightly directed , highly professional filmz that 's old-fashioned n all d best posible ways .
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . --> confessions e whithout a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . --> best enjoyed as a workk of fiction inspired by real-life events .
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one . --> this e a heartfelt story ... ii just e n't a very involving one .
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . ' --> schnitzler does a fine job contrasting da sleekness of da film 's present w tha playful paranoia of da filmz 's past . '
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . --> george clooney , in hiz fisrt directorial effort , presents thiiisss utterly ridiculous shaggy dogg story as oooooneee of tha most creative , energetic ang original comedies 2 hitt tha screen en years .
` martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . --> ` martin lawrence live ' is soo self-pitying , im almost expected theyr t be a collection taken 4 d comedian n da end of da show .
the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen . --> tha screenplay does tooo much meandering , norton hs 2 recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt 2 seem weiiiiird n distanced , hopkins looks liek a drag queen .
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . --> if oscar had a category called best bad filmz you thought was goin 2 b rlly awful be wos n't , guys wld probs b duking ii outttttt with the queen of the damned for d honor .
anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . --> anyone else who may , 4 whatever reason , b thinkin bout going ta c thiiisss movie e hereby given fair warning .
i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . --> im culd n't help bt feel the wasted potential of diss slapstick comedy .
the latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen . --> da latest vapid actor 's exercise t appropriate tha structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen .
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident . --> majidi 's direction hs neva been smoother orrr more confident .
there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . --> thwre 's only onew way to slayy michael myers for good : stoopp buying tix t dese movies .
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique . --> fear permeates da whole of stortelling , todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice . --> falsehoods pile up , undermining tha movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
bland but harmless . --> bland be harmless .
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . --> lyk leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice . --> judd 's characters ought 2 pik upp tha durable best seller smart women , foolish choices 4 advice .
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ... --> d criticism neva rises above easy , cynical potshots n morally bankrupt characters ...
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . ' --> adolescents wil be adequately served by da movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although d more lascivious-minded might b disappointed en da relative modesty of a movie za sports a ` topless tutorial service . '
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture . --> bout da best thng youuu culd say about narc is thattt ii 's a rock-solid lil genre pict .
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity . --> an unbelievably stoopid filmz , thoee occasionally fun enuhh 2 make you forget its absurdity .
star\/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own . --> star\/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor hve infused frida wit a visual style unique and inherent t the titular character 's paintings n n da process created a masterful workk of art of their own .
what -lrb- denis -rrb- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned . --> wh -lrb- denis -rrb- accomplishes n hiz chillin , unnerving film e a double portrait of two young women whose lives wrre as claustrophic , suffocating ang chilly as the attics ta which dey wrre inevitably consigned .
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . --> to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman e off-putting , to say tha least , naw t mention inappropriate andd wildly undeserved .
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive . --> a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable wen ii e n't merely offensive .
judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . --> judith nd zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... e shoo intimate n sensual and funny andd psychologically self-revealing that ii makes most of whet passes 4 sex jn the movies look like cheap hysterics .
with an unusual protagonist -lrb- a kilt-wearing jackson -rrb- and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 ### '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . --> with an unusual protagonist -lrb- a kilt-wearing jackson -rrb- ang subject matter , d improbable `` formula 51 ### '' e somewhat entertaining , bt it could hve been much stronger .
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . --> dis e the kind of movie during which yah want to bang yor head o d seat in front of yah , n its cluelessness , n its idiocy , n its utterly misplaced earnestness .
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . --> its appeal wil prolly limited 2 lds church members nd undemanding armchair tourists .
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year . --> the latest adam sandler assault ang possibly tha worst film of d year .
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop . --> d determination of pinochet 's victims t seek justice , and dey often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emosh wallop .
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder . --> a beautiful , timeless en universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness n murder .
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . --> hill looks 2 b goin through tha motions , beginning wit tha pale script .
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? --> who needs mind-bending drugs whn dey can c thiiisss , the final part of d ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?
disjointed parody . --> disjointed parody .
typical animé , with cheapo animation -lrb- like saturday morning tv in the '60s -rrb- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names . --> typical animé , wif cheapo animation -lrb- lyk saturday mornin tv en d '60s -rrb- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all hve biiiig round eyes and japanese names .
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . --> ur ca n't believe anyone wld rlly buy this stuff .
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times --> d plot e nun bt boilerplate clichés fr start ta finish , and tha script assumes that not ony wud subtlety be lost o the target audience , bt thay ii 's also tooooooo stoopid 2 realise tht nem 've alrdy seen thiiisss exact same movie a hundred times
twenty years later , e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone . --> twenty years later , e.t. e still a cinematic touchstone .
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . --> angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , en ruggero as d villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully en act adequately .
gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script . --> gondry 's direction e adequate ... but wut gives human nature its unique feel e kaufman 's script .
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before . --> thoee this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs n modern society r all things we 've seen before .
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years . --> onew of da most exciting action films ta cum outttttt of china in recent years .
glizty but formulaic and silly ... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . --> glizty be formulaic and silly ... cagney 's ` top of da world ' hs been replaced by d bottom of the barrel .
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases . --> makes a joke out of car chases 4 an hour en then gives us half an hour of car chases .
-lrb- a -rrb- soulless , stupid sequel ... --> -lrb- a -rrb- soulless , stupid sequel ...
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . --> wif a large cast representin a broad cross-section , tavernier 's filmz bounds along wif d rat-a-tat energy of `` hiz gurl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original --> unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . --> humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence orrr invention .
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . --> told just proficiently enuhh 2 trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
if you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . --> if youo have n't seen tha filmz lately , you may b surprised n the variety of tones en spielberg 's wrk .
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look . --> any movie dat makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
it 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . --> it 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched outttttt to feature length , awash en self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film . --> a dull , dum and derivative horror filmz .
how about surprising us by trying something new ? --> hw abt surprising us by trying something new ?
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up . --> an energetic , violent movie wth a momentum thattt never lets upp .
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser . --> even by da intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys e a bowser .
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . --> an affable be undernourished romantic comedy thattt fails ta match the freshness of tha actress-producer andd writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality .
it really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . ' --> ii rlly is a shame thattt more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . '
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely . --> caviezel embodies d transformation of hiz character completely .
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing . --> im found ii slow , predictable n no v amusing .
see it . --> c it .
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . --> as played by ryan gosling , danny e a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting -lrb- and funnier -rrb- than his . --> d movie spends more time wid schneider than wif newcomer mcadams , even tho her performa e more interesting -lrb- andd funnier -rrb- than his .
oh , and more entertaining , too . --> o , aaand more entertaining , tooooooo .
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates . --> d genius of tha wrk speaks volumes , offering upp a hallucinatory dreamscape za frustrates andd captivates .
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . --> austin powers 4 da most part e extremely funny , d first part makin upp 4 any flaws thattt cum later .
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . --> a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , n last count , numbered 52 diffffff versions .
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster . --> if yuh lyke blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men wif guns thou ... yuh wil likely enjoy dis monster .
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . --> ii e a popcorn filmz , naw a must-own , orrr even a must-see .
how inept is serving sara ? --> hw inept is serving sara ?
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy . --> a thoughtful , reverent portrait of whut e essentially a subculture , wth its own rules regarding luff en famly , governance n hierarchy .
-lrb- caine -rrb- proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film . --> -lrb- caine -rrb- proves once again he hs n't lost hiz touch , bringing o a superb performance n an admittedly middling film .
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe . --> a vibrant whirlwind of love , famly andd all that goes wif ii , my biiiig fat greek wedding e a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour ang cringe .
the film , like jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs . --> d filmz , liek jimmy 's routines , culd usa a few gd laughs .
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . --> liek a skillful fisher , the director uses tha last act t reel in d audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert . --> buht once the falcon arrives in d skies above manhattan , da adventure is o red alert .
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . --> as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles i nd becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
this is n't a new idea . --> thiiisss is n't a new idea .
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . --> o a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might havr made nah such ting a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . --> za haynes can both maintain nd dismantle da facades thay hiz genre ang hiz character construct e a wonderous accomplishment of veracity andd narrative grace .
just bring on the battle bots , please ! --> just bring o tha battle bots , pleaseeeee !
but first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort --> but fisrt , you have 2 give d audience a reason ta wnt t put for thay effort
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . --> for all da dolorous trim , secretary e a genial romance za maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding sum of tha writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . --> a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer . --> just abt d surest bet 4 an all-around good time at the movies dis summer .
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . --> those of yea who r no an eighth grade gurl wil most likely doze o during diss oooooneee .
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . --> a rambling ensemble piece wid loosely connected characters n plots thay never quite gel .
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . --> greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who e i complete denial bout hiz obsessive behavior .
this action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . --> this action-thriller\/dark comedy e one of da most repellent things 2 pop upp i a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story . --> metaphors abound , buht ii e easy to take thiiisss filmz n faceeee value andd enjoy its slightly humorous nd tender story .
the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . --> da movie e da equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems ta play o a 10-year delay .
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . --> a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
the film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? --> da film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : whattt wld yea ve done to survive ?
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . --> both shrill ang soporific , andd bcause everythang is repeated five orrr six times , ii can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means . --> a rich tale of our times , v wellllll told wif an appropriate minimum of means .
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises . --> d action heree e unusually tame , tha characters r too simplistic ta maintain interest , aaand d plot offers few surprises .
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes . --> tha four feathers hs rewards , fr d exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms is n't it . --> theyr 's a delightfully quirky movie ta b made fr curling , be brooms e n't ii .
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject . --> im suspect da thr r more interesting ways of dealin w d subject .
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . --> a very good film sits n da place wer a masterpiece shuld b .
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say . --> changing lanes e an anomaly 4 a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written n occasionally challenging social drama tht acttually has summn interesting t say .
... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . --> ... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing n often fabulous , wif a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . --> passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently jn this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny 4 grown-ups as for rugrats .
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . --> whenever you think chu 've figured out late marriage , ii throws yhu 4 a loop .
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power . --> tha story 's scope aaand pageantry r mesmerizing , ang mr. day-lewis roars wit leonine power .
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time . --> onew problema w the movie , directed by joel schumacher , e tht it jams tooooooo many prefabricated story elements into da runnin time .
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . --> barely manages 4 buht a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time ta pique yur interest , u imagination , your empathy orrr anything , really , save yo disgust and ya indifference .
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . --> d story d movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction ta the junk-calorie suspense tropes thattt hv all bt ruined hiz career .
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . --> miyazaki hs created such a vibrant , colorful world , ii 's almost impossible naw t be swept away by d sheer beauty of his images .
it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie . --> ii 's nt a bad premise , just a bad movie .
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best --> when onew hears harry shearer e goin t make hiz debut as a filmz director , oooooneee would hope 4 da best
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you . --> if youu enjoy bein rewarded by a script da assumes ya r n't v bright , then blood wrk e for yuh .
great dragons ! --> great dragons !
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers . --> d powerful success of read mi lips with such provocative material shows why , after ony three films , director\/co-writer jacques audiard , though lil known jn dis country , belongs in d very top rank of french filmmakers .
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . --> most fish stories r a little peculiar , but this e oooooneee that shuld be thrown back en tha river .
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . --> a word of advice ta the makers of d singles ward : celebrity cameos do naw automatically equal laughs .
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers . --> kinnear ang dafoe give wat may be the performances of dey careers .
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . --> a pathetic exploitation filmz dat tries to seem sincere , en juz seems worse 4 tha effort .
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . --> pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play fr da timeless spectacle of pple rlly talkin t each otha .
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? '' --> `` onew look at a girl n tight pants nd big tits n ya turn stoopid ? ''
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . --> kids shuld have a stirring time n thiiisss beautifully drawn movie .
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it . --> an unfortunate title 4 a filmz that has nothing endearing about ii .
david spade as citizen kane ? --> david spade as citizen kane ?
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 ### debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks . --> director tom dey demonstrated a knack 4 mixing action and idiosyncratic humour n hiz charming 2000 ### debut shanghai noon , buht showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place . --> director george hickenlooper hs had sum success wif documentaries , bt here hiz sence of story andd hiz juvenile camera movements smack of a filmz school undergrad , nd hiz maudlin ending might not havr gotten him into film school i tha fisrt place .
like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . --> like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid t try any genre nd to do it his own waaay .
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . '' --> the very definition of wht critics have cum t term an `` ambitious failure . ''
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 ### , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless . --> i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 ### , wif peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , be at this time , w thiiisss cast , this movie e hopeless .
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . --> n times auto focus feela so distant yea might as wellllll b watchin ii through a telescope .
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness . --> a brutally dry satire of midd american numbness .
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events . --> it e philosophy , illustrated thru everyday events .
this is one of the year 's best films . --> diss e onew of da year 's best films .
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough . --> da wild thornberrys movie e pleasant enuhh ang tha mesage of our closeeee ties wif animals can certainly nt be emphasized enuhh .
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -lrb- ahola -rrb- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . --> soundin like arnold schwarzenegger , wid a physique 2 match , -lrb- ahola -rrb- has a wooden delivery nd encounters a substantial arc of change za does n't produce any real transformation .
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife . --> tha strength of tha filmz lies jn its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as hiz desperate violinist wife .
absorbing character study by andré turpin . --> absorbing character study by andré turpin .
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does . --> unfortunately , that 's precisely wut arthur dong 's famly fundamentals does .
instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . --> instead , she sees ii as a chance to revitalize wat e n alwayz has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to . --> an odd kdrama set in the world of lingerie models aaand bar dancers en d midwest tht held m interest precisely bcos ii did n't try t .
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity . --> a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on tha west bank , joseph cedar 's time of fav manages naw only t fnk a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does soooo whithout compromising that complexity .
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness . --> tha waaay homee is an ode ta unconditional loce nd compassion garnered fr years of seein ii all , a condition ony d old r privy ta , andd ... often misconstrued as weakness .
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television . --> a rude black comedy abt tha catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him en da cutthroat world of childrens 's telly .
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . --> despite its lavish formalism en intellectual austerity , da filmz manages to keep you at tha edge of your seat wif its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue aaand brushes with calamity .
coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . --> coppola 's directorial debut e an incredibly layered and stylistic filmz dat , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach 2 character development , still manages n least a decent attempt n meaningful cinema .
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . --> so we got ten lil indians meets friday tha 13th by waaay of clean aaand sober , filmed o the set of carpenter 's tha thng and loaded with actors yo 're most likely ta find on tha next inevitable incarnation of tha love boat .
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . --> with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all abt the benjamins evokes tha bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks fr tha 1970s .
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations . --> among d many pleasures r tha lively intelligence of the artists aaand dey perceptiveness abt dey own situations .
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people . --> a reminder thattt beyond all da hype ang recent digital glitz , spielberg knows hw to tell us bout people .
collapses under its own meager weight . --> collapses under its own meager weight .
does n't deserve a passing grade -lrb- even on a curve -rrb- . --> does n't deserve a passing grade -lrb- even o a curve -rrb- .
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it . --> white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in da dark , bt dat does n't mean you wo n't lik lookin n ii .
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious . --> n once disarmingly straightforward ang strikingly devious .
if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . --> if ya 're lookin 4 a smart , nuanced look at de sade and wh might hav happened n picpus , sade is ur filmz .
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? --> im do n't blame eddie murphy buht shld n't owen wilson knooow a movie must hv a story andd a script ?
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse . --> a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious kdrama bout spousal abuse .
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . --> dis in-depth study of important developments of da computer industry should make it required viewing en university computer science departments 4 years t cum .
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . --> d script becomes lifeless ang falls apart lyke a cheap lawn chair .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it . --> this e one of those war movies thay focuses on human interaction rather than battle ang action sequences ... n ii 's all the stronger cause of ii .
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic . --> soo devoid of pleasure orrr sensuality dat ii can no even b dubbed hedonistic .
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . --> solondz e without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , buht that vision e beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior . --> heree 's a case of two actors who do everythang humanly possible 2 create characters who r sweet and believable , ang r defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
`` catch me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . --> `` catch me '' feela capable of charming d masses wif star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments thattt ve becum a spielberg trademark .
`` solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . --> `` solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying o the viewer 2 do most of the workk .
-lrb- t -rrb- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen . --> -lrb- t -rrb- his slop does n't even havr potential as a cult filmz , as ii 's tooooooo loud ta shout insults at da screen .
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it . --> it reduces da complexities t bromides ang slogans and ii gets soooo preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud ii makes ur feel lyk a chump juss for sittin through ii .
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . --> while solondz tries aaand tries hard , storytelling fails ta provide much more insight than d inside column of a torn book jacket .
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . --> pacino aaand williams seem t keep upping tha ante on each otha , just as dia characters do n tha film .
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom . --> thiiisss e n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . ' --> by da end you ca n't help be feel ` stoked . '
half past dead is just such an achievement . --> half past dead e jst such an achievement .
on its own , it 's not very interesting . --> o its own , ii 's not very interesting .
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . --> ignore d reputation , aaand ignore the filmz .
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart . --> the performances of the children , untrained in actin , havr an honesty and dignity dat breaks yor heart .
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . --> peter jackson hs done the nearly impossible .
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . --> d movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , n cums across as darkly funny , energetic , andd surprisingly gentle .
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time . --> director chris wedge en screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson n peter ackerman create sum episodes dat rival vintage looney tunes 4 tha most creative mayhem i a brief amount of time .
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . --> en ii 's nt that funny -- which is juss generally insulting .
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun . --> evokes the style n flash of tha double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' n last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun .
... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught . --> ... tha efforts of its star , kline , ta lend sum dignity ta a dum story r for naught .
one of the most original american productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . --> oooooneee of the most original american productions dis year , ayu 'll find urself remembering dis refreshing visit t a sunshine state .
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it . --> d more you think abt da movie , tha more yiu wil prob lyk ii .
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . --> sum like ii hott o tha hardwood proves once again da a man en drag e not i aaand of himself funny .
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . --> theyr 's a lottle of tooth in roger dodger .
a brutal and funny work . --> a brutal and funny wrk .
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold . --> ramsay e clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films en two features , here 's betting her third feature will b sumn 2 behold .
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity . --> we never feel anything 4 deez characters , nd as a result d filmz e basically juss a curiosity .
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . --> director shekhar kapur andd screenwriters michael schiffer en hossein amini hve tried hard ta modernize ang reconceptualize things , but tha barriers finally prove t b tooo great .
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . --> melds derivative elements into somethin dat e often quite rich nd exciting , and a a beauty to behold .
it 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . --> it 's lyk goin t a house paty andd watching d host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
a great companion piece to other napoleon films . --> a great companion piece 2 otha napoleon films .
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . --> it aimlessly ang unsuccessfully attempts t fuse n least three dull plots into onew good oooooneee .
however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . --> however , ii 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments r certainly welcome .
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . --> betwn bursts of automatic gunfire , d story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . --> kinnear ... gives hiz best screen performa wid an oddly winning portrayal of onew of lifeee 's ultimate losers .
it has plenty of laughs . --> ii hs plenty of laughs .
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . --> beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that shuld attract upscale audiences hungry 4 quality andd a nostalgic , twisty yarn that wil keep dem guessing .
but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources . --> but the problema wif wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't rlly one of resources .
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . --> transcends its agenda ta deliver awe-inspiring , n times sublime , visuals andd offer a fascinating glimpse into tha subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts tha x into da games .
-lrb- denis ' -rrb- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . --> -lrb- denis ' -rrb- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline 4 a '70s exploitation pic than the finished product .
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe . --> snipes e both a snore ang utter tripe .
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . --> tha chateau hs one v funny joke and a few other decent ones , buht all ii amounts 2 e a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant filmz .
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise . --> no ony e entry number twenty d worst of tha brosnan bunch , it 's onew of da worst of the entire franchise .
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ... --> shot lik a postcard en overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence tht brings outttttt d worst en otherwise talented actors ...
stephen earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type . --> stephen earnhart 's documentary e a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearin a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- wen ii 's rlly an exercise en gross romanticization of tha delusional personality type .
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . --> 77 min of pokemon may nt last 4ever , ii jus sim lyke it does .
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . --> a colorful , vibrant introduction ta a universal humen impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . --> a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at d price of popularity and small-town pretension en da lone star state .
full of surprises . --> full of surprises .
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . --> whether or naw ram dass proves as clear andd reliable an authority o za as he was bout inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us thattt he wil once again be an honest aaand loving onew .
the whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . --> tha whole thng 's fairly lame , makin it par 4 tha course for disney sequels .
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop . --> vividly demonstrates thattt tha director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can stillll turn outttttt a small , personal filmz with an emosh wallop .
one of the best rock documentaries ever . --> oooooneee of the best rock documentaries every .
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . --> as david letterman en da onion have proven , da worst of tragedies can b fertile sources of humor , buht lawrence hs ony a fleeting grasp of how to develop dem .
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . --> somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring o thiiisss wild welsh whimsy .
if the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . --> if tha filmz 's vision of sport as a secular religion e a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening en da sameee waaay za each season marks a new start .
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out . --> while somewhat less than ii might havr been , the film is a goood oooooneee , andd yiu 've got ta hand ii t director george clooney 4 biting o such a biiiig job tha fisrt time out .
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . --> if anything , the filmz is doin summn of a public service -- shedding light o a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed n underappreciated by music fans .
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . --> boasting sum of d most poorly staged ang lit action in memory , impostor e as close as yah can get t an imitation movie .
claude chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements . --> claude chabrol 's camera hs a wayy of gently swaying bsck nd forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . --> d crassness of diss reactionary thriller e matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . --> anyones who welcomes a dash of da avant-garde fused with dia humour shuld take pleasure jn diss crazed , joyous romp of a filmz .
it 's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . --> ii 's bout as convincing as any otha arnie musclefest , be has a little tooo much resonance w real world events aaand ultimately cums o as insultingly simplistic .
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows . --> ntn more orrr less than an outright bodice-ripper -- ii shuld ve ditched da artsy pretensions en revelled i da entertaining shallows .
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . --> precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed famly .
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . --> ` unfaithful ' cheats o itself andd retreats 2 comfortable territory .
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling . --> yes , spirited away e a triumph of imagination , buht ii 's also a failure of storytelling .
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché . --> much of d digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a tele monitor , while da extensive usa of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history . --> tha fluid motion e astounding o any number of levels -- including d physical demands made on büttner -- and ii implies n its wake d intractable , irreversible flow of history .
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone . --> derailed by bad writing nd possibly also by some of thattt extensive post-production reworking ta aim d filmz n young males jn the throes of dia fisrt full flush of testosterone .
i like it . --> im lyke ii .
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . --> birot creates a kdrama wif such a well-defined sence of place ang age -- as i , 15 years oll -- that the torments n angst becum almost as operatic t us as they r to her characters .
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . ' --> ` gdo help us , but capra aaand cooper r rolling over jn dey graves . '
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak . --> poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie andd heartbreak .
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr . --> a lil uneven t b the cat 's meow , buht ii 's goood nuff t be tha purr .
-lrb- there 's -rrb- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . --> -lrb- thwre 's -rrb- quite a bit of heart , as ur wld expect fr da directors of the little mermaid andd aladdin .
it 's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! --> it 's a h00y watchin the rock chomp o jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of hiz bsck , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . --> giggling at d absurdities ang inconsistencies is part of d fun .
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history . --> da filmz e insightful abt kissinger 's background n history .
it makes me feel weird \/ thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ like puppies with broken legs \/ and butterflies that die \/ and movies starring pop queens --> ii makes mee feel weiiiiird \/ thinking bout all tha bad things in the world \/ lyk puppies wif broken legs \/ aaand butterflies that die \/ and movies starring pop queens
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium . --> a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes dat , i dey own idiosyncratic wayy , sum upp da strange horror of life jn tha new millennium .
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images . --> beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there t scare while we delight in tha images .
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair . --> dis is n't a stand up nd cheer flick ; ii 's a sit dwm aaand ponder affair .
this story still seems timely and important . --> thiiisss story stillll sim timely aaand important .
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . --> a sloppy , amusing comedy dat proceeds fr a stunningly unoriginal premise .
jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema . --> jae-eun jeong 's take care of ma cat brings a beguiling freshness t a coming-of-age story wth such a buoyant , expressive flow of images za it emerges as another key contribution t tha flowering of tha south korean cinema .
the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth . --> da filmz 's appeal hs a loooot t do wth da casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings 2 the role her pale , dark beauty n characteristic warmth .
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . --> liek d english patient n d unbearable lightness of bein , the hrs e oooooneee of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels da hs bucked the odds ta emerge as an exquisite motion pict n its own ryt .
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you . --> tha footage of tha rappers at play n tha prison interview wth suge knight r juss two of d elements that wil grab yah .
-lrb- f -rrb- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . --> -lrb- f -rrb- rom d performances and tha cinematography 2 da outstanding soundtrack nd unconventional narrative , the filmz e blazingly alive andd admirable o many levels .
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction . --> ii 's bedeviled by labored writin and slack direction .
it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished . --> it e tooooooo bad thattt diss likable movie is n't more accomplished .
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers . --> quiet , adult andd just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a filmz wit a questioning heart aaand mind dat is n't afraid to admit it does n't hve all da answers .
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . --> although god e great addresses interesting matters of identity andd heritage , it 's hard to shake da feelin that ii wes intended ta b a diffffff kind of filmz .
you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed . --> chu can no guess whyy the cast andd crew dd n't sign a pact 2 burn d negative and the script nd pretend the whole thng neva existed .
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen . --> feel free ta go get popcorn whenever he 's nt onscreen .
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . ' --> defo funny stuff , be it 's more of d ` laughing n ' variety than tha ` l with . '
... pray does n't have a passion for the material . --> ... pray does n't hve a passion for tha material .
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . --> plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage ang almost saccharine domestic interludes tht r pure hollywood .
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history . --> da increasingly diverse french director hs created a filmz dat onew can honestly describe as lookin , sounding nd simply feeli like noo otha filmz n recent history .
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . --> the filmz e a confusing melange of tones and styles , oooooneee moment a romantic trifle ang d next a turgid kdrama .
lush and beautifully photographed -lrb- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -rrb- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered . --> lush and beautifully photographed -lrb- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -rrb- , buht ultimately chu 'll leave da theatre wondering wae deez ppe mattered .
instead of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . --> instead of using george n lucy 's most obvious differences ta ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing o george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . --> ii recycles every cliché bout gays n wahat e essentially an extended soap opera .
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . --> oooooneee of d most splendid entertainments ta emerge from d french filmz industry en years .
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control . --> tha piano teacher , lyke its title character , e repellantly outttttt of control .
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . --> tha basic premise e intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged . --> ii e ok 4 a movie ta be somthin of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines workk , the humour hs point nd da actors r humanly engaged .
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . --> tooo campy ta wrk as str8 kdrama andd tooooooo violent and sordid 2 function as comedy , vulgar is , truly nd thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
this romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . --> diss romantic\/comedy asks tha question hw much souvlaki can you take b4 indigestion sets en .
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure . --> visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , en dramatically movin , ii 's the v definition of epic adventure .
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . --> full frontal had nah effect n elicited noo sympathies for any of the characters .
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten . --> da movie e n't painfully bad , something t be ` fully experienced ' ; ii 's jst tediously bad , sumn 2 b fully forgotten .
if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here . --> if chu 've tha patience , thr r great rewards here .
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects . --> devolves into d derivative , leaning o badly-rendered cgi effects .
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . --> ii 's the type of filmz abt growing upp da we do n't c often enough these fay : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated i tha least .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? --> remember back when thrillers acttually thrilled ?
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going . --> perhaps even d slc high command found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard goin .
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . --> the actin e fine but the script is bout as interesting as a recording of conversations n d wal-mart checkout line .
writer\/director alexander payne -lrb- election -rrb- and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing . --> writer\/director alexander payne -lrb- election -rrb- aaand hiz co-writer jim talor brilliantly employ dey quirky n fearless ability 2 look american angst en da eye n end upp laughing .
if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting . --> if yui can psh o thru da slow spots , u 'll b rewarded wid sum fine acting .
chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . --> chris columbus ' sequel e faster , livelier en a goodd deal funnier than his original .
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of . --> this e d stuff that disney movies r made of .
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn . --> wut 's invigorating bout ii e thattt it does n't give a dam .
it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . --> ii 's difficult 2 conceive of anyones who hs reached puberty actully finding da characters in slackers orrr their antics amusing , let alone funny .
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . --> tha filmz e a verbal duel betwn two gifted performers .
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie . --> it 's makes a betta travelogue than movie .
it 's a masterpiece . --> ii 's a masterpiece .
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . --> been theyr , done that , liked ii much betta da fisrt time around - when ii wes called tha professional .
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . --> i have t admit i walked outttttt of runteldat .
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . --> a movie o bad tht ii quickly enters da pantheon of wreckage thay includes battlefield earth n showgirls .
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . --> -- buht ii makes 4 oooooneee of d most purely enjoyable en satisfying evenings n the movies im 've had in a while .
the unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director anderson . --> da unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk luff '' may hv worked against d maker 's minimalist intent bt ii e an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director anderson .
there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . --> there r nuh two signs dat m. nigjt shyamalan 's debut feature sucked upp all he hs 2 give to tha mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable ang signs .
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 ### 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this . --> if cinema had been around 2 capture da chaos of france n tha 1790 ### 's , onew imagines the result would look liek something like dis .
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking . --> diss quiet , introspective and entertaining independent e worth seeking .
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else . --> what lil atmosphere e generated by da shadowy lighting , macabre sets , n endless rain e offset by da sheer ugliness of everything else .
what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart . --> wh `` empire '' lacks i depth ii makes upp for wid its heart .
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard . --> d usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly aaand predictably delivered en low-key style by director michael apted nd writer tom stoppard .
this starts off with a 1950 ### 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . --> this starts o wif a 1950 ### 's doris dayy feel and ii gets v ugly , very fast .
standing by yourself is haunting ... -lrb- it 's -rrb- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . --> standin by yourself e haunting ... -lrb- it 's -rrb- whattt punk rock music used 2 b , n wut da vid medium culd usa more of : spirite , perception , conviction .
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . --> a lot liek da imaginary sport ii projects onto tha screen -- loud , violent n mindless .
all in all , a great party . --> all n all , a great paty .
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . --> a thriller wth an edge -- which e to say that it does n't folllow d stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which hs becum commonplace i movies da explore da seamy underbelly of tha criminal world .
-lrb- seems -rrb- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . --> -lrb- sim -rrb- even more uselessly redundant nd shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic . --> credit director ramsay 4 takin tha somtime improbable story en making ii feel realistic .
it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . --> ii 's a feel-bad ending 4 a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items jn da viewer 's face ang asks ta b seen as hip , winking social commentary .
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good . --> ii 's jus thay ii 's soo not-at-all-good .
-lrb- l -rrb- ame and unnecessary . --> -lrb- l -rrb- ame en unnecessary .
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . --> while centered o da lifeee experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvellous documentary touches -- every shoo gracefully -- o d entire history of da yiddish theatre , both i america en israel .
i 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . --> im 'm naw sure which wil take longer t heal : tha welt o johnny knoxville 's stomach fr a riot-control projectile orrr mah own tortured psyche .
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning . --> ... tha kind of movie you c because da theater hs airrr conditioning .
as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . --> as hannibal wld say , yesss , ` ii 's liek having an oll frnd 4 dinner ' .
it 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . --> ii 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make ii as much fun as reading an oversized pict book b4 bedtime .
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . --> imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad b of suburban jersey , if he wrre stripped of most of hiz budget nd all of hiz sence of humour .
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . --> c scratch 4 the history , c scratch for da music , see scratch 4 a lesson n scratchin , be , most of all , see ii 4 tha passion .
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . --> always destined t b measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . --> try thiiisss obscenely bad dark comedy , soooooo crass that ii makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look liek oscar wilde .
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being . --> hoffman 's performa e authentic t tha core of hiz bein .
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . --> chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including tha spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing n crooning w d best of them .
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache . --> the artwork e spectacular aaand unlike most animaton from japan , tha characters move wth grace and panache .
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . --> the best movie in many a moon about da passions tht somtime fuel our best achievements en otha times leave us stranded wit nothin more than our lesser appetites .
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . --> nun more than a widget cranked outttttt on an assembly line ta see if stoopid americans will get a kick outttttt of goofy brits w cuteeee accents perfoming ages-old slapstick nd unfunny tricks .
bad and baffling from the get-go . --> bad andd baffling from the get-go .
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . --> da obnoxious special effects , da obligatory outbursts of flatulence and da incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music o da soundtrack overwhelm wh e lefft of d scruffy , dopey oll hanna-barbera charm .
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . --> d filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire aaand unabashed sweetness , wid results thattt r somtime bracing , somtime baffling and quite often , nd jn unexpected ways , touching .
harmless fun . --> harmless fun .
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . --> astonishingly skillful nd movin ... ii could becum a historically significant wrk as wellllll as a masterfully made onew .
feeling to it , but like the 1920 ### 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun . --> feeling ta it , be lyke d 1920 ### 's , da trip theyr e a great deal of fun .
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . --> unsurprisingly , d waaay thiiisss all works out makes the women look more liek stereotypical caretakers n moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer . --> eight legged freaks e clever nd funny , e amused by its special effects , en leaves yuh feeli lik yea 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly . --> the bottom line is da piece works brilliantly .
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . --> purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull jn its lack of poetic frissons .
tends to plod . --> tends ta plod .
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle . --> pleasant bt nt more than recycled jock piffle .
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . --> indeed , tha more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded . --> d one-liners r snappy , tha situations volatile andd tha comic opportunities richly rewarded .
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . --> stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
the film grows on you . --> tha film grows o you .
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . --> though its story e ony surface deep , d visuals aaand enveloping sounds of blue crush make dis surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . --> dis chicago has hugely imaginative ang successful casting to its great credit , as wellllll as onew terrific score aaand attitude 2 spare .
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . --> first-time writer-director dylan kidd also hs a gud ear 4 dialogue , nd the characters sound lyke real pple .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun . --> a whale of a gd time 4 both childrens aaand parents seeking christian-themed fun .
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film . --> diss odd , distant portuguese import more orrr less borrows fr bad lieutenant nd les vampires , and cums upp wid a kind of art-house gay porn filmz .
during the tuxedo 's 90 ### minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` chan moment ' . --> during d tuxedo 's 90 ### minutes of screen time , theyr e n't oooooneee true ` chan moment ' .
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . --> it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . --> plays lyke da oll disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
... pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . --> ... pays tribute ta heroes d wayy julia roberts hands outttttt awards -- wif phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . --> features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style andd an almost palpable sense of intensity .
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end . --> before lang , you 're desperate 4 da evening t end .
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen . --> watchable upp until d point where tha situations andd the dialogue spin hopelessly outttttt of control -- thattt is to say , wen carol kane appears o d screen .
`` red dragon '' never cuts corners . --> `` red dragon '' neva cuts corners .
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off . --> an ambitious movie that , lik shiner 's organizing of d biiiig fight , pulls off nuff of its effects ta make upp 4 d ones tht do n't come off .
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . --> although shot wit lil style , skins e heartfelt ang achingly real .
it looks good , but it is essentially empty . --> ii looks good , be ii e essentially empty .
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . --> young everlyn sampi , as da courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential jn thiiisss remarkable ang memorable filmz .
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride . --> a knowing sense of humor en a lottle of warmth ignite sonn of tha bride .
sure , i hated myself in the morning . --> sure , i hated myself en d morning .
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro . --> buht ticket-buyers with great expectations wil wind upp as glum as mr. de niro .
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -lrb- and no one -rrb- . --> the filmz was produced by jerry bruckheimer andd directed by joel schumacher , aaand reflects tha worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the waaay andd demographically targeted 2 please every one -lrb- and na onew -rrb- .
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur . --> ii 's a great performa aaand a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .
not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting . --> not n all clear wh ii 's trying t say nd even if it wrre -- im doubt ii wud b all za interesting .
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . --> a movie wer story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors nd inexplicable events .
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way . --> real women may have many agendas , but ii also will win yhu over , in a biiiig wayy .
what i saw , i enjoyed . --> wat im saw , im enjoyed .
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking . --> lazily ang glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making . --> ii appears as if even da filmmakers did n't knw wat kind of movie hey wrre making .
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true . --> da dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence feela painfully true .
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . --> spider-man is abt growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , aaand finding ii necessary ta hide new secretions from da parental units .
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . --> n its best , diss e grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who hs been awarded mythic status jn contemporary culture .
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip . --> there r some movies za hitt yhu from the fisrt scene aaand yah know ii 's goin 2 b a trip .
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring . --> im 'm no sure dese words hv every been together in d sameee sentence : thiiisss erotic cannibal movie e boring .
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back . --> mybe yo 'll b lucky , ang thr 'll b a power outage during y screening soooooo yo can get yor money bck .
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . --> wth spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns hiz family-film plot wif an elegance n maturity dat even most contemporary adult movies r lacking .
... unbearably lame . --> ... unbearably lame .
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either . --> certainly naw a good movie , but ii was n't horrible either .
where the film falters is in its tone . --> where the filmz falters e i its tone .
this film biggest problem ? --> thiiisss filmz biggest problema ?
this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . --> this e a movie thattt is wat it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday nite diversion , an excuse t eat popcorn .
the gags are often a stitch . --> d gags r often a stitch .
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before . --> d complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese lifeee this exciting new filmmaker hs brought ta da screen e liek nothin we westerners hve seen b4 .
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . --> d sinister inspiration za fuelled devito 's early work is confused jn death t smoochy into somthin both ugly andd mindless .
-lrb- shyamalan -rrb- continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . --> -lrb- shyamalan -rrb- continues to cut a swathe thru mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity en refusing ta compromise hiz vision .
as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me . --> as averse as im usually m 2 feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , diss onew got ta mee .
you 'll know a star when you see one . --> you 'll know a star wen youo c oooooneee .
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it . --> sorority boys , which is as bad n ii e cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps tha lifeee out of it .
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . ' --> jn betwn tha icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue abt following ur dream en ` just lettin da mountain tell ur wahat ta do . '
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . --> diss gorgeousss epic e guaranteed ta lift the spirits of tha whole famly .
horrible . --> horrible .
grating and tedious . --> grating andd tedious .
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . --> at three hrs andd wid very lil story orrr character development , thwre e plenty of room 4 editing , aaand a much shorter cut surely wud have resulted n a smoother , more focused narrative whithout sacrificing any of tha cultural intrigue .
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . --> betetr effects , betetr actin nd a hilarious kenneth branagh .
it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . --> ii 's tooooooo interested i jerking o jn all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him . --> none of this so-called satire hs any sting t it , as if woody e afraid of biting d hand that hs finally , ta sum extent , warmed upp 2 him .
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . --> a keep - 'em - guessing plot en an affectionate take o its screwed-up characters .
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell . --> a prison comedy za neva rlly busts outttttt of its comfy lil cell .
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy . --> an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price . --> neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , tha movie e n't tough t take as lang as youuu 've paid a matinee price .
the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two . --> d delicious trimmings ... arrive early n stay late , filling nearly every min ... wit a lighthearted glow , sum impudent snickers , ang a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability 2 triumph over a scrooge orrr two .
the movie is a dud . --> d movie e a dud .
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow . --> unfolds in a low-key , organic waaay thay encourages yea t accept ii as life and go with its flow .
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . --> does n't do more than expand a tv show ta movie length .
one of the best movies of the year . --> one of da best movies of d year .
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . --> by applying definition ta both sides of tha man , the pic realizes a fullness thay does no negate tha subject .
the movie turns out to be -lrb- assayas ' -rrb- homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . --> tha movie turns outttttt t b -lrb- assayas ' -rrb- homage t da gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ... --> once d downward spiral cums 2 pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . --> ` butterfingered ' e tha wrd 4 da big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages ta blast even the smallest sensitivities fr tha romance wit hiz clamorous approach .
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 ### claustrophobic minutes . --> cal e an unpleasantly shallow andd immature character wid whom t spend 110 ### claustrophobic min .
berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years --> berry 's saucy , full-bodied performa gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another dayy '' oooooneee of the most entertaining bonds in years
despite the film 's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . --> despite the filmz 's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted w every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy aaand tha character 's gripping humanity .
if you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out . --> if youu luv reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check ii outttttt .
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs . --> driven by a fantastic dual performa fr ian holm ... d filmz e funny , insightfully humen n a delightful lark 4 history buffs .
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically . --> douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it shuld be done cinematically .
diane lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . --> diane lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful fr its sleazy moralizing .
simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece . --> simply put , `` far fr heaven '' e a masterpiece .
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . --> shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , da relationship betwn reluctant captors andd befuddled captives .
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . --> mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , d betetr to focus o the hero 's odyssey fr cowering poverty t courage aaand happiness .
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . --> anyones who suffers thru dis filmz deserves , n tha very least , a biiiig box of consolation candy .
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll . --> a worthwhile documentary , whether ur 're into rap or no , even if it may stillll leave u wantin more answers as tha credits roll .
the original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece ! --> the original wos n't a good movie but this remake makes ii look liek a masterpiece !
it 's a fun adventure movie for kids -lrb- of all ages -rrb- that like adventure . --> ii 's a fun adventure movie 4 kids -lrb- of all ages -rrb- tht lik adventure .
one sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot . --> onew sloughs oooooneee 's waaay through d mire of dis alleged psychological thriller n search of purpose orrr even a plot .
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . --> limps along o a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula thattt goes nowhere andd goes there v , v slowly .
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it . --> na amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory fay can disguise da fact that da new filmz is a lame kiddie flick aaand za carvey 's considerable talents r wasted en ii .
consistently clever and suspenseful . --> consistently clever and suspenseful .
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . --> thiiisss e an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , wif its elbows sticking outttttt whr the knees shld b .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office . --> a real audience-pleaser za wil strike a chord wth anyones who 's every waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed orrr insurance company office .
... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride . --> ... if yea , lyke mi , think an action filmz disguised as a war tribute e disgusting t begin with , then yu 're i 4 a painful ride .
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film . --> if ur 're as hapi listening 2 movies as chu r watchin em , and d slow parade of human frailty fascinates yu , then you 're n the ryte filmz .
one funny popcorn flick . --> oooooneee funny popcorn flick .
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them . --> bad company hs one of d most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes za wil b obvious even to those who r n't looking 4 em .
i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . --> im 'd be hard pressed 2 think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn dis year .
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . --> a gem of a romantic crime comedy tht turns outttttt t b clever , amusing en unpredictable .
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise . --> smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface . --> a charming , banter-filled comedy ... oooooneee of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- ang by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
it 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . --> it 's da rare famly movie -- genuine n sweet whithout relying o animation orrr dumb humour .
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . --> hollywood ending e the most disappointing woody allen movie every .
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it . --> ii 's mildly amusing , but im certainly ca n't recommend ii .
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . --> diss dreadfully earnest inversion of tha concubine luff triangle eschews da prev filmz 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
formula 51 ### promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip . --> formula 51 ### promises a new kind of high buht delivers d sameee ol bad trip .
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . --> what madonna does here ca n't properly be called actin -- more accurately , it 's movin en it 's talkin andd ii 's occasionally gesturing , somtime all n once .
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout . --> rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut . --> the director explores all three sides of his story w a sensitivity nd an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it . --> d fact za d ` best part ' of tha movie cums fr a 60-second homage to oooooneee of demme 's gd films does n't bode well 4 d r of it .
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten . --> an enjoyable comedy of lingual andd cultural differences ... da château e a filmz -- full of lifeee nd small delights -- that hs all tha wiggling energy of young kitten .
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement . --> an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
something must have been lost in the translation . --> smth must hav been lost n the translation .
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . --> witty , contemplative , en sublimely beautiful .
foster and whitaker are especially fine . --> foster and whitaker are esp fine .
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . --> d lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made jn more than a decade .
if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd . --> if im wnt a real movie , i 'll buy da criterion dvd .
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . --> an earnest , roughshod document , ii serves as a workable primer for da region 's recent history , and woyld make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
a conventional but heartwarming tale . --> a conventional but heartwarming tale .
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . --> a sly female empowerment movie , although no en a way anyones woyld expect .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . --> da problema e da needlessly poor quality of its archival prints n filmz footage .
there 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties . --> there 's somethin unintentionally comic in da filmz 's drumbeat abt authenticity , given da stale plot and pornographic way da film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . --> strange occurrences build jn d mind of the viewer and take o extreme urgency .
the formula is familiar but enjoyable . --> the formula e familiar bt enjoyable .
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure . --> its screenplay serves as auto-critique , nd its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . --> less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into tha nature of faith itself .
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing . --> gd performances nd a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid jn full worth seeing .
just is n't as weird as it ought to be . --> jus e n't as weiiiiird as ii ought to b .
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... --> if you loce tha music , ang im do , its hard 2 imagine having more fun watchin a documentary ...
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . --> watchin queen of the damned e lyk reading a research paper , wth special effects tossed en .
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom . --> stinks fr start 2 finish , lyk a wet burlap sack of gloom .
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . --> d merchant-ivory team continues 2 systematically destroy everything we hold dear abt cinema , ony naw ii 's begun 2 split upp soo za it can do even more damage .
while there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't . --> while there r times wen d filmz 's reach exceeds its grasp , d production works more often than it does n't .
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense . --> hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama . --> exhibits da shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
i 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment . --> im 'm sure thr 's a teenage boi out thwre somewhere who 's dying for diss kind of entertainment .
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? --> y sit thru a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy da refers incessantly ta oll movies , when ayu culd juz rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . ' --> a thoroughly awful movie -- dum , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weiiiiird amalgam of ` the thang ' n a geriatric ` scream . '
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . --> contains da humor , characterization , poignancy , aaand intelligence of a bad sitcom .
laughably , irredeemably awful . --> laughably , irredeemably awful .
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . --> oooooneee lang , numbing action sequence made upp mostly of routine stuff yuen hs given us b4 .
together -lrb- time out and human resources -rrb- establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . --> together -lrb- time out en humen resources -rrb- establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of d workplace .
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ... --> ... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . --> wid spy kids 2 : d island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of d movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success . --> reno himself can take credit 4 most of the movie 's success .
outside of burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken --> outside of burger 's desire 2 make sum kind of filmz , ii 's really unclear wae this project wes undertaken
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all . --> as 4 children , they wo n't enjoy d movie n all .
if you saw it on tv , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . --> if you saw ii on tv , u 'd prob turn ii o , convinced thattt chu had aready seen dat movie .
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . --> while it e interesting t witness tha conflict fr da palestinian side , longley 's filmz lacks balance ... en fails to put da struggle into meaningful historical context .
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull . --> journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . --> brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt e an uncompromising filmz .
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -lrb- young bow wow fans -rrb- - with nothing but net . --> lyke mike e n't going t make box office money za makes michael jordan jealous , buht ii hs sum cutee moments , funny scenes , aaand hits the target audience -lrb- young bow waow fans -rrb- - with ntn but net .
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . --> d gags tht fly n such a furiously funny pace that da ony rip off thay we wrre aware of vas tha oooooneee we felt wen d movie ended soooooo damned soon .
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . --> while da path may b familiar , first-time director denzel washington andd a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . --> standin i the shadows of motown is da best kind of documentary , onew dat makes a depleted ytd feel v much lik a brand-new 2mrw .
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . --> a series of escapades demonstrating d adage da wahat is good'o 4 tha goose e also gud 4 da gander , sum of which occasionally amuses bt none of which amounts to much of a story .
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl . --> j. lo wil earn her share of tha holiday box office pie , although thiiisss movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , be she 's na working g .
this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -lrb- evans -rrb- had , lost , and got back . --> thiiisss documentary e a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of wht -lrb- evans -rrb- had , lost , and got bsck .
their work is fantastic . --> dey wrk e fantastic .
much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . --> much of tha movie 's charm lies jn tha utter cuteness of stuart andd margolo .
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way . --> looks and feela liek a low-budget hybrid of scarface orrr carlito 's wayy .
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . --> a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed aaand meanspirited storyline w cardboard characters andd performers who value cash above credibility .
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . --> like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough ta pilot an entire olympic swim team thru , da characters n swimfan seem motivated by nothin short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
do we really need the tiger beat version ? --> do we really need tha tiger beat version ?
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for . --> if ii 's unnerving suspense youuu 're after -- you 'll fnk ii wit ring , an indisputably spooky filmz ; wid a screenplay t die 4 .
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways . --> gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young mane whose sharp intellect e at da v root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
a beautiful paean to a time long past . --> a beautiful paean 2 a time long past .
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . --> an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . --> sheds light on a subject few r familiar wif , n makes ur care bout music you may no have heard b4 .
but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . --> bt for da most part , d weight of water cums off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls i its lackluster gear of emosh blandness .
and diesel is n't the actor to save it . --> en diesel e n't da actor to save ii .
a feeble tootsie knockoff . --> a feeble tootsie knockoff .
see it for his performance if nothing else . --> c ii for his performa if nothing else .
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life . --> terrific casting ang solid execution give all three stories lifeee .
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . --> da skirmishes 4 power waged among victims ang predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
a thriller without a lot of thrills . --> a thriller whithout a lottle of thrills .
yet the act is still charming here . --> yet da act is stillll charming here .
far more enjoyable than its predecessor . --> far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide . --> a movin essay bout tha specter of death , especially suicide .
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . --> phillip noyce n all of hiz actors -- as wellllll as hiz cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand da delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , aaand ii 's thr o the screen en dia version of the quiet american .
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . --> though it runs 163 mins , safe conduct e anything bt languorous .
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . ' --> thiiisss e the kind of movie dat yu ony nid ta watch for bout thirty seconds b4 yuh say t yourself , ` ah , yes , heree we hav a bad , bad , bad movie . '
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad . --> even n its worst , it 's no half-bad .
... even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen . --> ... even if you 've neva heard of chaplin , yo 'll stillll be glued t da screen .
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral . --> a lang , dull procession of despair , set ta cello music culled fr a minimalist funeral .
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . --> tha concert footage e stirring , the recording sessions r intriguing , n -- on da waaay ta striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pik up new admirers .
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears . --> most of tha dialogue made mee wnt ta pack raw dough jn mi ears .
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . --> queen of da damned e too lang w tooo lil goin o .
it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . --> ii ai n't art , by a long shot , buht unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains .
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution . --> campanella 's competent direction and hiz excellent cast overcome d obstacles of a predictable outcome nd a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .
schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . --> schütte 's dramatic snapshot of d artist three days b4 hiz death offers an interesting bit of speculation as ta tha issues brecht faced as hiz lifeee drew t a closeeee .
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . --> would b an unendurable viewing experience 4 diss ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were naw on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , wif a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic .
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . --> a horror movie wid srsly dum characters , which somewhat dilutes da pleasure of watchin em stalked by creepy-crawly bug things tht live only jn the darkness .
their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . --> dia parents woyld do wellllll ta cram earplugs in their ears nd put pillowcases over their heads 4 87 mins .
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -lrb- career - kids = misery -rrb- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds . --> cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -lrb- career - kids = misery -rrb- jn tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation . --> naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame aaand vulnerable persona emphasising her plight en isolation .
idiotic and ugly . --> idiotic andd ugly .
` film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . ' --> ` filmz aficionados can nt help buht looove cinema paradiso , whether da original version orrr new director 's cut . '
hard , endearing , caring , warm . --> hard , endearing , caring , warm .
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . --> d major problema wth windtalkers e tht da blk of d movie centers on tha wrng character .
- greaseballs mob action-comedy . --> - greaseballs mob action-comedy .
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . --> writer n director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale bout a factory worker who escapes 4 a holiday in venice reveals hw we all need a playful respite fr da grind to refresh our souls .
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale . --> a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
`` simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . --> `` simone '' e a fun ang funky look into an artificial creation n a world tht thrives o artificiality .
supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over . --> supposedly , pokemon ca n't b killed , be pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise e nearly ready 2 keel over .
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . --> tha actin e amateurish , da cinematography e atrocious , tha direction e clumsy , tha writin e insipid and the violence e n once luridly graphic andd laughably unconvincing .
you have to see it . --> ur have ta c ii .
pray has really done his subject justice . --> pray hs rlly done hiz subject justice .
woody , what happened ? --> woody , whattt happened ?
but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree . --> but ii 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . --> coarse , cliched andd clunky , dis trifling romantic comedy en which opposites attract for no better reason than that tha screenplay demands ii squanders the charms of stars hugh grant en sandra bullock .
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . --> bears about as much resemblance ta da experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to tha experiences of most teenagers .
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -lrb- depending upon where you live -rrb- , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . --> n times a bit melodramatic n even a lil dated -lrb- depending upon whr yah live -rrb- , ignorant fairies e stillll quite good-natured nd not a bad wayy 2 spend an hour orrr two .
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . --> a boring masquerade ball whr normally good actors , even kingsley , are made ta look bad .
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it . --> a semi-autobiographical filmz thay 's soo sloppily written and cast tht you can nt believe anyone more central ta the creation of bugsy than d caterer had anything to do with ii .
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? --> d skills of a calculus major n m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations jn d long-winded heist comedy who e cletis tout ?
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . --> thou thwre r entertaining en audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performa do lil ta salvage diss filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug . --> efteriades gives tha neighborhood -- scenery , vibe aaand all -- da cinematic equivalent of a biiiig , tender hug .
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . --> two weeks notice has appeal beyond bein a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . --> culd usa a lil more humanity , buht it neva lacks en eye-popping visuals .
the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . --> d leads are natural ang lovley , da pace e serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . --> offers big , fat , dum laughs thay may make you hate urself 4 givin en .
hardly a film that comes along every day . --> hardly a filmz tht comes along every dayy .
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time . --> deffo worth 95 mins of your time .
certainly the big finish was n't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps . --> certainly tha biiiig finish vas n't smth galinsky en hawley culd hav planned 4 ... but part of bein a good'o documentarian e being thwre wen da rope snaps .
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine . --> rollerball is as bad as youuu think , n worse than you can imagine .
there 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . --> there 's the plot , andd a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made mee wnt 2 scream .
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi . --> it wud be great t c thiiisss turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated . --> da pacing e deadly , d narration helps lil nd naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
i 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . --> im 'm goin ta give ii a marginal thumbs up .
this beautifully animated epic is never dull . --> thiiisss beautifully animated epic e neva dull .
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart . --> human nature , en short , is n't nearly as funny as ii thinks ii e ; neither e ii as smart .
davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . --> davis ... gets vivid performances fr her cast n pulls o some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . --> even en d summertime , the most restless young audience deserves da dignity of an action hero motivated by sumn more than franchise possibilities .
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last . --> a mesmerizing cinematic poem fr the first frame ta d last .
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . --> da setting turns out ta b more interesting than any of the character dramas , which neva reach satisfying conclusions .
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story . --> dis painfully unfunny farce traffics jn tiard stereotypes en encumbers itself wit complications ... that have noo bearing o da story .
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride . --> take ntn seriously and enjoy d ride .
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story . --> ii e diffffff fr others jn its genre i thattt ii e does no rely o dum gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; ii primarily relies o character to tell its story .
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . --> stillll rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of d great films bout movie loce .
be patient with the lovely hush ! --> b patient wid d lovley hush !
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way . --> tha actors are simply too gud , aaand da story tooooooo intriguing , 4 technical flaws to get jn d waaay .
i 'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow . --> i 'd b lying if im said m ribcage did n't ache by tha end of kung pow .
it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . --> ii may also be da best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller . --> an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . --> and da reason 4 that e a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear . --> whether jason x e diss bad o purpose e never clear .
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad . --> all comedy is subversive , buht this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting outttttt of any opportunity 4 finding meaning in relationships orrr wrk juz becomes sad .
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it . --> da movie e concocted n carried outttttt by folks worthy of scorn , and tha nicest thng im can say e da im ca n't remember a single name responsible 4 ii .
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 . --> all tooo familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale za was ol whn ` angels wth dirty faces ' appeared en 1938 .
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 ### years ago . --> sim lyk something american andd european gay movies wrre doing 20 ### years ago .
this is a truly , truly bad movie . --> diss e a truly , truly bad movie .
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful . --> the way da roundelay of partners functions , ang tha interplay within partnerships n among partnerships en d general airrr of gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel . --> what ` blade runner ' woyld 've looked lyk as a low-budget series o a uhf channel .
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid --> thr e a difference between movies wid the courage t go over tha top n movies that do n't care bout bein stoopid
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing . --> an ebullient tunisian filmz bout d startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who e drawn into tha exotic world of belly dancing .
a lovely film for the holiday season . --> a lovley filmz 4 da holiday season .
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . --> after one gets tha feelin that tha typical hollywood disregard 4 historical truth en realism is n workk heree , it 's a matter of finding entertainment en d experiences of zishe n da fiery presence of hanussen .
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . --> tadpole may b oooooneee of tha most appealing movies every made bout an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy i looove with hiz stepmother .
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . --> a filmz centering on a traditional indian wedding n contemporary new delhi may nt sound liek specialized fare , buht mira nair 's film e an absolute delight 4 all audiences .
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could want . --> the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could wnt .
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . --> k-19 : the widowmaker e derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . --> every visual joke e milked , every set-up obvious ang lengthy , every punchline predictable .
by that measure , it is a failure . --> by tht measure , ii is a failure .
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world . --> rather than real figures , elling andd kjell bjarne becum symbolic characters whose actions r supposed ta relate sumn abt da naïf 's encounter wid da world .
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one . --> seein as the filmz lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , d director 's experiment e a successful onew .
... a pretentious mess ... --> ... a pretentious mess ...
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow ! --> full of flatulence jokes n mild sexual references , kung pow !
so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . --> shoo mind-numbingly awful tht you hope britney wo n't do ii onew more time , as far as movies r concerned .
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale . --> laced with liberal doses of dark humour , gorgeous exterior photography , andd a stable-full of solid performances , na such thang e a fascinating lil tale .
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . --> i tha new release of cinema paradiso , da tale hs turnt fr sweet ta bittersweet , and when tha tears cum during tht final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies . --> remove spider-man d movie fr its red herring surroundings en ii 's apparent thattt this e oooooneee summer filmz that satisfies .
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . --> spectators wil indeed sit open-mouthed b4 da screen , not screaming buht yawning .
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . --> , da sum of all fears is simply a well-made n satisfying thriller .
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity . --> wat makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
the thing just never gets off the ground . --> d ting juz neva gets o d ground .
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . --> after several scenes of dis tacky nonsense , chu 'll b wistful 4 tha testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , esp bcos half past dead is liek the rock o a wal-mart budget .
the film oozes craft . --> the filmz oozes craft .
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny . --> once tha expectation of laughter has been quashed by wateva obscenity e at hand , even tha funniest idea e n't funny .
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic . --> funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . --> an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . --> dis is an exercise naw n biography but n hero worship .
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made . --> the densest distillation of roberts ' movies every made .
with this masterful , flawless film , -lrb- wang -rrb- emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . --> wid dis masterful , flawless filmz , -lrb- wang -rrb- emerges n tha front ranks of china 's nuh numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze . --> a live-wire filmz thattt neva loses its ability 2 shock nd amaze .
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? --> throughout all the tumult , a q cums 2 mind : so why e diss so boring ?
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes . --> tha large-format film e wellllll suited to capture these musicians en full regalia nd d incredible imax sound system lets you feel d beat dwm 2 yor toes .
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere . --> a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids . --> ii 's packed wit adventure ang a worthwhile environmental message , soo it 's great 4 d kids .
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script . --> too bad maggio could n't cum upp wit a better script .
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching . --> sensual , funny and , in da end , very touching .
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . --> a movie just 4 friday fans , critics b damned .
it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor . --> ii 's a fairy tale za comes fr a renowned indian filmz culture da allows americans t finally revel i its splendor .
all mood and no movie . --> all mood nd noo movie .
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . --> wil assuredly rank as oooooneee of tha cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
a half-assed film . --> a half-assed film .
it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . --> ii 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , bt one whose lessons r well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich . --> tha most ingenious film comedy since bein john malkovich .
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women . --> tha cast e phenomenal , esp the women .
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . --> inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent nd maddening .
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . --> much of ii cums fr da brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
a chiller resolutely without chills . --> a chiller resolutely without chills .
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . --> d fisrt hour e tedious thoee ford andd neeson capably hold our interest , but its jst nt a thrilling movie .
and it is . --> nd ii e .
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking --> even wen it drags , we r forced t reflect tht its visual imagination e breathtaking
imperfect ? --> imperfect ?
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . --> dis mess of a movie e nun short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative . --> a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugz inside danish cows falls flat , ang if you 're goin ta alter d bard 's ending , you 'd betta hav a gd alternative .
there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits . --> there 's surely somethin wrng wid a comedy whr the ony belly laughs cum fr d selection of outtakes tacked onto tha end credits .
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . --> nah , ii 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , be it 's sure a lottle smarter en more unnerving than d sequels .
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness . --> beatin da austin powers films n their own game , thiiisss blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch n favour of gags thattt rely o d strength of dia own cleverness as opposed to d extent of dey outrageousness .
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout . --> viewers r asked o often 2 suspend belief thay were ii nt for holm 's performa , tha film wud be a total washout .
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme . --> thr 's nah palpable chemistry betwn lopez n male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working gurl scribe kevin wade e workmanlike in da extreme .
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . --> - spy action flick wit antonio banderas nd lucy liu neva cums together .
there 's already been too many of these films ... --> thr 's already been tooooooo many of deez films ...
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it . --> we want d funk - andd dis movie 's got ii .
-lrb- a -rrb- thoughtful , visually graceful work . --> -lrb- a -rrb- thoughtful , visually graceful workk .
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling . --> shows moments of promise be ultimately succumbs to cliches nd pat storytelling .
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome . --> lyk the rugrats movies , da wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than tha series , be its emphasis on caring 4 animals en respecting otha cultures e particularly welcome .
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . --> a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' 4 da teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler thay wastes da talents of its attractive young leads .
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work . --> d filmz starts promisingly , be da ending e all tooooooo predictable n far tooo cliched ta rlly wrk .
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar . --> d script manages tha rare trick of seeming n once both refreshingly diffffff nd reassuringly familiar .
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year . --> kudos t the most enchanting film of the year .
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . --> da engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute ta a mood thay 's sustained throught tha surprisingly somber conclusion .
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit . --> by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hitt .
i 'm guessing the director is a magician . --> im 'm guessing d director e a magician .
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors . --> a dashing andd absorbing outing wif one of france 's most inventive directors .
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 ### screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . --> it irritates ang saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 ### screens while smth of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end upp languishing o a shelf somewhere .
that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . --> that chirpy songbird britney spears hs popped upp w more mindless drivel .
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest . --> none of da characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enuhh ta build any interest .
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you . --> whn all e said n done , she loves em ta pieces -- and so , im trust , wil chu .
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness . --> ultimately tooooooo repellent 2 fully endear itself 2 american art house audiences , but it e notable for its stylistic austerity nd forcefulness .
kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . --> kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided thr 's lots of cute animals ang clumsy ppl .
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling . --> ii forces yhu to watch people doin unpleasant things to each otha andd theirselves , ang ii maintains a cool distance from its material tht e deliberately unsettling .
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars --> wonder , hope andd magic can neva escape the heart of the boooyyyy whn d righ movie cums along , esp if ii begins w da name of star wars
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . --> while the performances r often engaging , dis loose collection of largely improvised numbers wud prolly hav wrked betta as a one-hour tv documentary .
haneke 's script -lrb- from elfriede jelinek 's novel -rrb- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . --> haneke 's script -lrb- fr elfriede jelinek 's novel -rrb- e contrived , unmotivated , n psychologically unpersuasive , wth an inconclusive ending .
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . --> there is ony soooooo much baked cardboard im nid ta chew .
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . --> the movie e loaded wif goodd intentions , buht jn hiz zeal t squeeze d action and our emo into tha all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality .
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham . --> tully is worth a look 4 its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural lifeee ang d subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . --> filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns t narrative filmmaking wit a visually masterful workk of quiet power .
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made . --> ... a movie that , quite simply , should n't hav been made .
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations --> da importance of being earnest , soooooo thick with wit ii plays lik a reading fr bartlett 's familiar quotations
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . --> five screenwriters r credited wif d cliché-laden screenplay ; ii sim as if each watered dwm tha version of the one b4 .
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . --> director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances fr a fine cast , en generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in d manner of french new wave films .
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . --> ... manages t deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . --> guys say mean things aaand shoot a lottle of bullets .
wewannour money back , actually . --> wewannour money bck , acttually .
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . --> more than anything else , kissn jessica stein injects freshness and spirite into the romantic comedy genre , which hs been held hostage by generic scripts that seek ta remake sleepless in seattle again en again .
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . --> when cowering nd begging at the feets a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp en his dangerous game .
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame . --> da sheer joy nd pride dey took n dia work -- ang i each other -- shines through every frame .
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . --> tha cumulative effect of da movie e repulsive and depressing .
... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations . --> ... digs beyond the usual portrayals of gd kids n bad seeds 2 reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep . --> much of all bout lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : sum of its plaintiveness culd make yhu weep .
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages . --> ii 's a rollicking adventure 4 yo n all ur mateys , regardless of dey ages .
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal . --> an empty shell of an epic rather than d real deal .
-lrb- scherfig -rrb- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll . --> -lrb- scherfig -rrb- hs made a movie da wil leave you wondering abt tha characters ' lives after da clever credits roll .
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality --> ii may b a somewhat backhanded compliment 2 say thay the filmz makes tha viewer feel lik da movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , be ii also happens 2 b tha movie 's most admirable quality
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies . --> a delightful entree i the tradition of food movies .
-lrb- johnnie to and wai ka fai are -rrb- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . --> -lrb- johnnie t and wai ka fai r -rrb- sure t fnk an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , buht da film 's interests may b tooo narrow to attract crossover viewers .
conceptually brilliant ... plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . --> conceptually brilliant ... plays lyke a living-room war of da worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested nd the unkown .
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head --> dis feature e abt as necessary as a hole jn tha head
-lrb- danny huston gives -rrb- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . --> -lrb- danny huston gives -rrb- an astounding performa thay deftly , gradually reveals a real humen soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . --> jn addition to hoffman 's powerful actin clinic , thiiisss e that rare kdrama thay offers a thoughtful aaand rewarding glimpse into d sort of heartache everyone hs felt , orrr wil feel someday .
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . --> thiiisss is n't exactly profound cinema , buht ii 's good-natured en somtime quite funny .
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . --> hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , dis clever and v satisfying pict e more accurately chabrolian .
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject . --> ii leers , offering nxt 2 lil insight into its intriguing subject .
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . --> a pleasant and engaging eugh sit , bt in trying to have the best of both worlds ii ends up fallin short as a whole .
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants . --> touches smartly nd wistfully o a number of themes , no least tha notion da d marginal members of society ... might benefit fr a helping hand n a friendly kick n the pants .
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . --> yakusho , as allways , e wonderful as tha long-faced sad sack ... and hiz chemistry wit shimizu e v believable .
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . --> works , ii 's thx 2 huston 's revelatory performa .
ararat feels like a book report --> ararat feels liek a book report
the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of -lrb- godard 's -rrb- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . --> tha beautiful images and solemn words can no disguise d slack complacency of -lrb- godard 's -rrb- vision , any more than d gorgeousss piano aaand strings on the soundtrack can drown outttttt d tinny self-righteousness of hiz voice .
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . --> tully is in many ways d perfect festival filmz : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , looove , duty n friendship za appeals 2 tha storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
it 's a shame the marvelous first 101 ### minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . --> ii 's a shame tha marvellous fisrt 101 ### mins hv ta b combined wit d misconceived final 5 .
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations . --> a surprisingly charming nd even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack . --> ma advice e ta skip da filmz ang pik upp tha soundtrack .
audacious-impossible yet compelling ... --> audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music . --> a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi thattt celebrates d hardy spirite of cuban music .
family fare . --> family fare .
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . --> tha movie resolutely avoids all tha comic possibilities of its situation , andd becomes oooooneee more dum high school comedy about sex gags aaand prom dates .
one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise . --> onew of recent memory 's most thoughtful films abt art , ethics , en d cost of moral compromise .
even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . --> even if yuh 're an agnostic carnivore , youuu can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy wid a pronounced monty pythonesque flavour .
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect . --> one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... thay argue za any sexual relationship thattt does n't hurt anyones andd works for its participants e a relationship da e worthy of our respect .
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york . --> set jn a 1986 harlem tht does n't look much liek anywhere jn new york .
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . --> i the spirite of da season , im assign onew bright shining star 2 roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- be im guarantee thattt noo wise men will b following after ii .
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . --> evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all d more poignant by tha incessant use of cell phones .
they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . --> nem crush each otha under cars , throwg each otha outttttt windows , electrocute en dismember their victims en full consciousness .
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . --> n addition to scoring high 4 originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of famly , forgiveness en love jn a new wayy -- lilo & stitch has a number of otha assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent en jaded .
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is . --> perhaps ii 's cliche to call da film ` refreshing , ' but ii e .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . --> as predictable as da outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann e even more ludicrous than you 'd expect fr d guy-in-a-dress genre , andd a personal low for everyone involved .
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . ' --> almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emosh intelligence en this engaging film abt two men who discover whut william james once called ` d gift of tears . '
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . --> a fantastically vital movie za manages t invest real humour , sensuality , ang sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . --> ... d story e far-flung , illogical , aaand plain stupid .
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . --> n lee seems jst as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it . --> ii 's all arty aaand jazzy en peole sit and stare andd turn away fr onew another instead of tlkn ang it 's all bout the silences ang if you 're into thay , hav n ii .
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue . --> an old-fashioned kdrama of substance abt a teacher 's slide down da slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter wif da rich andd the powerful who ve nothin be disdain 4 virtue .
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie . --> another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie .
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics . --> d kind of movie da leaves vague impressions nd a nasty aftertaste but lil clear memory of its operational mechanics .
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . --> hartley adds eugh quirky en satirical touches n tha screenplay to keep d film entertaining .
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . --> as literary desecrations go , dis makes 4 perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable childrens 's entertainment .
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . --> diss insufferable movie e meant t make yhu think about existential suffering .
goofy , nutty , consistently funny . --> goofy , nutty , consistently funny .
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all . --> two biiiig things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , n anything approching even a vague reason ta sit thru ii all .
if `` lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years . --> if `` lilo & stitch '' e n't d most edgy piece of disney animation to hit tha silver screen , then diss fisrt filmz t usa a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as d most original en years .
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . --> while ii hs definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest aaand a meandering ending -- diss '60s caper filmz e a riveting , brisk delight .
it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one . --> ii 's a talkn head documentary , buht a great onew .
an extremely unpleasant film . --> an extremely unpleasant filmz .
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films . --> director juan jose campanella could ve turned diss into an argentine retread of `` iris '' orrr `` american beauty , '' bt instead pulls a lil from each filmz and creates somthin more beautiful than either of those films .
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans . --> nt good'o enough ta pass 4 a litmus test of d generation gap ang naw bad nuff ta repulse any generation of its fans .
after seeing the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . --> after seein da filmz , im can tell you da thr 's nah other reason yy anyones shld bother rememberin ii .
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . --> ii stars schticky chris rock nd stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely n the sameee movie .
merely -lrb- and literally -rrb- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense . --> merely -lrb- aaand literally -rrb- tosses around sex toys nd offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment thay r repeatedly undercut by d brutality of the jokes , most n women 's expense .
terrible . --> terrible .
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . --> throwing jn everything except sum1 pulling the pin fr a grenade with hiz teeth , windtalkers sim 2 hav ransacked every oll world war ii movie 4 overly familiar material .
chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack . --> chai 's structure en pacing r disconcertingly slack .
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie . --> if youo grew upp o scooby -- ur 'll luv thiiisss movie .
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary . --> enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy . --> if yui cum fr a famly dat eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes nd fights together , then go c dis delightful comedy .
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . --> the director mostly plays ii str8 , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb dwm da social ladder .
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . --> millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions nid t reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique andd stylish weaponry .
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . --> any filmz tht does n't even n passing mention political prisoners , poverty nd da boat loads of ppl who try t escape tha country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . --> ii 's depressing ta see hw far herzog hs fallen .
some episodes work , some do n't . --> some episodes workk , sum do n't .
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . --> lik its new england characters , most of whom wander abt in thick clouds of denial , tha movie eventually gets around ta its real emosh business , striking deep chords of sadness .
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . --> all tha more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions t d serial murders , be ii falls down jn its attempts to humanize its subject .
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . --> a film of empty , fetishistic violence i which murder e casual and fun .
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . --> 4 those in search of sumn diffffff , wendigo e a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter . --> disappointing i comparison t otha recent war movies ... orrr any other john woo flick for dat matter .
it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence . --> ii 's a familiar story , buht oooooneee thattt e presented w great sympathy ang intelligence .
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters . --> becomes a fascinating study of isolation andd frustration thay successfully recreates both the physical setting aaand emosh tensions of da papin sisters .
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ... --> murderous maids pulls nah punches i its depiction of d lives of d papin sis en the events thay led 2 dia notorious rise 2 infamy ...
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time . --> ii 's no nearly as fresh orrr enjoyable as its predecessor , buht theyr r eugh high points ta keep dis from bein a complete waste of time .
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth . --> the movie does n't add anything fresh 2 da myth .
it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure ! --> ii is n't tht stealing harvard e a horrible movie -- if ony ii wrre tht grand a failure !
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . --> tha script falls bck on tooo many tried-and-true shenanigans za hardly distinguish ii fr da nxt teen comedy .
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling . --> a rote exercise en both animation aaand storytelling .
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good . --> in hiz latest effort , storytelling , solondz hs finally made a movie da e n't juss offensive -- ii also happens t b good'o .
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . --> enuhh is no a bad movie , jus mediocre .
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy . --> a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . --> stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous ang nothing ta shout about .
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script --> reyes ' directorial debut has goodd things ta offer , buht ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt . --> ii wears its heart on d sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting . --> ii 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope ii 's ony actin .
... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' --> ... d film 's considered approach ta its subject matter e tooooooo calm ang thoughtful 4 agitprop , and da thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as str8 drama . '
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . --> symbolically , warm wada under a red bidge e a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute 2 da power of women 2 heal .
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated . --> chu cum away fr hiz filmz overwhelmed , hopeful andd , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 ### . --> equlibrium culd pass 4 a thirteen-year-old 's book report on da totalitarian themes of 1984 ang farenheit 451 ### .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances . --> a filmz of delicate interpersonal dances .
-lrb- westbrook -rrb- makes a wonderful subject for the camera . --> -lrb- westbrook -rrb- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
cusack 's just brilliant in this . --> cusack 's juss brilliant in dis .
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is . --> wut a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie dis e .
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving . --> neva lets go u emo , taking dem to surprising highs , sorrowful lows n hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeousss , passionate , ang n times uncommonly movin .
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying . --> few films ve captured da chaos of an urban conflagration wth such fury , and audience members wil leave feeli as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks wen the bullets stoopp flying .
ferrara 's best film in years . --> ferrara 's best filmz in years .
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . --> we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , ang a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation 4 nah apparent reason except , mybe , za ii looks neat .
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . --> watching war photographer , youuu come 2 believe za nachtwey hates d wars he shows aaand empathizes wit tha victims he reveals .
you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -lrb- than leon -rrb- . --> you 'd be hard put ta find a movie character more unattractive orrr odorous -lrb- than leon -rrb- .
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky . --> what soured me o d santa clause 2 vas that santa bumps upp against 21st century reality soo hard , ii 's icky .
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . --> ash wednesday e no edward burns ' best filmz , bt ii e a good aaand ambitious film .
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . --> d lead actors share na chemistry orrr engaging charisma .
ms. phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . --> ms. phoenix e completely lacking en charm nd charisma , and e unable ta project either esther 's initial anomie orrr her eventual awakening .
when not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . --> wen no wallowing en its characters ' frustrations , da movie e busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions 2 their probs .
polished , well-structured film . --> polished , well-structured filmz .
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . --> the laughs r as rare as snake foo yung .
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . --> an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation o both tha profoundly devastating events of onew year ago andd tha slow , painful healing process tht hs followed en dia wake .
but there 's plenty to offend everyone ... --> bt thr 's plenty 2 offend everyone ...
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . --> after dat ii becomes lang ang tedious lyk a classroom play in a college history course .
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama . --> an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop kdrama .
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . --> one of da best films im ve ever seen , constantly pullin the rug from underneath us , seein things fr new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* . --> stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
an intelligently made -lrb- and beautifully edited -rrb- picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . --> an intelligently made -lrb- andd beautifully edited -rrb- pic thattt n tha v least hs a spark of lifeee to ii -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline whithout a hitch .
charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . --> charlie hunnam hs da twinkling eyes , repressed smile nd determined faceeee needed ta carry outttttt a dickensian hero .
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test . --> wh shld have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
the film has -lrb- its -rrb- moments , but they are few and far between . --> da filmz hs -lrb- its -rrb- moments , be nem r few nd far betwn .
if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away . --> if religious films are n't yur bailiwick , stay away .
this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . --> thiiisss enthralling documentary ... e n once playful andd haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even ta hiz closest freinds .
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary . --> a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . --> a dreadful day i irish history e given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . --> d april 2002 instalment of d american war for independence , complete w loads of cgi aaand bushels of violence , but nt a drop of humen blood .
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . --> if theyr wes any doubt that peter o'fallon dd n't ve an original bone jn hiz body , a rumour of angels shuld dispel ii .
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see . --> theyr e sumn n full frontal , i guess , about artifice en actin en hw it distorts reality 4 people who make movies and watch them , buht lyke most movie riddles , ii works ony if you hv an interest n d characters yiu c .
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard . --> a minor-league soccer remake of d longest yard .
` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . ' --> ` ii 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films lyke legally blonde andd sweet homee abomination , im mean , alabama . '
it 's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . --> ii 's absolutely ammmazing hw first-time director kevin donovan managed to fnk somethin new to add to the canon of chan .
it 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . --> it 's as raw andd action-packed an experience as a ringside seat n a tough-man contest .
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . --> to mi , ii sounds lyke a cruel deception carried outttttt by men of marginal intelligence , wif reactionary ideas abt women en a total lack of empathy .
you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies . --> youu wo n't ve any trouble getting kids to eat upp deez veggies .
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . --> tooooooo bland and fustily tasteful ta b truly prurient .
it does n't work as either . --> ii does n't wrk as either .
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . --> thiiisss onew aims 4 da toilet n scores a direct hitt .
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . --> jn da name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , tha emperor 's club turns a blind eye ta the v history it pretends t teach .
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . --> the movie e undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's juz experimental enuhh to alienate da mainstream audience while ringing cliched 2 hardened indie-heads .
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . --> two tedious acts light on great scares en a goodd surprise ending .
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . --> and your reward wil b a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
obvious . --> obvious .
`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost . --> `` birthday gurl '' is an actor 's movie fisrt nd foremost .
the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters . --> d little girls understand , n mccracken knows thattt 's all da matters .
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . --> d pacing e often waaay o and theyr r tooooooo many bona fide groaners among tooo few laughs .
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . --> im liked it cause it was shoo endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
that , in itself , is extraordinary . --> thattt , jn itself , is extraordinary .
yes . --> yeaa .
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn . --> k-19 : tha widowmaker e a great yarn .
and educational ! --> andd educational !
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation . --> an undeniably movin filmz ta experience , aaand ultimately thattt 's what makes ii worth a recommendation .
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . --> confessions e n't always coherent , bt ii 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , soooo hold da gong .
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . --> the film hs tha thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted en filled with crude humour n vulgar innuendo .
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative . --> sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness runnn through its otherwise comic narrative .
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . --> crush e so warm and fuzzy youuu might b able ta forgive its mean-spirited second half .
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . --> strong filmmaking requires a clear sence of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes upp short .
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct -lrb- `` laissez-passer '' -rrb- wears its heart on its sleeve . --> the best didacticism e oooooneee carried by a strong sence of humanism , en bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct -lrb- `` laissez-passer '' -rrb- wears its heart o its sleeve .
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 ### minutes long , and life is too short . --> im hv returned fr tha beyond 2 warn yiu : thiiisss movie e 90 ### minutes lang , nd lifeee e too short .
... despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' --> ... despite lagging near the finish line , tha movie runs a good race , onew za wil hve yu n tha edge of yo seat for lang stretches . '
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . --> witty andd often surprising , a dark lil morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
they 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . --> hey 're da unnamed , easily substitutable forces za serve as wateva terror the heroes of horror movies try t avoid .
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy . --> watching deez eccentrics e both inspiring and pure joy .
spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . --> spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel . --> director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentille , endearing 1975 childrens 's novel .
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor . --> colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... d rare sequel that 's betta than its predecessor .
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . --> ... a pretentious en ultimately empty examination of a sick andd evil woman .
a small movie with a big heart . --> a small movie wth a biiiig heart .
maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . --> maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her fisrt starring role n eats upp d screen .
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . --> most of tha movie is so deadly dull da watchin tha proverbial paint dry wud b a welcome improvement .
-lrb- the cockettes -rrb- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . ' --> -lrb- da cockettes -rrb- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent o expressing itself n every waaay imaginable . '
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home . --> most thrillers send audiences out talkin abt specific scary scenes orrr startling moments ; `` frailty '' leaves us with d terrifying mesage that d real horror may b waitin 4 us n homee .
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited . --> d difference betwn cho ang most comics e thattt her confidence n her material e merited .
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero . --> diss remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made da ridiculous bolero .
-lrb- a -rrb- poorly executed comedy . --> -lrb- a -rrb- poorly executed comedy .
holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . --> holland lets things peter out midway , bt ii 's notably betta acted -- and far less crass - than sum otha recent efforts en da burgeoning genre of films bout black urban professionals .
... rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle . --> ... rogers 's mouth neva stops shut bout da war between the sexes aaand hw t win the battle .
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy . --> lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also da human comedy .
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while . --> maintains u sympathy 4 dis otherwise challenging soul by lettin you share her one-room world for a while .
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . --> tends t pile tooo many `` serious issues '' o its plate n times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , en smartly written .
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . --> an inventive , absorbing movie da 's as hard ta classify as ii e hard 2 resist .
-lrb- russell -rrb- makes good b movies -lrb- the mask , the blob -rrb- , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . --> -lrb- russell -rrb- makes good b movies -lrb- da mask , d blob -rrb- , aaand d scorpion king more than ably meets those standards .
what little grace -lrb- rifkin 's -rrb- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . --> what lil grace -lrb- rifkin 's -rrb- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves e pushed into tha margins by predictable plotting andd tiresome histrionics .
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful . --> tha last scenes of the filmz r anguished , bitter and truthful .
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . --> however sincere ii may b , d rising place neva quite justifies its own existence .
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . --> tha whole thang feela lyk a ruse , a tactic t cover upp da fact za da pict e constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . --> supposedly authentic account of a historical event dat 's far tooo tragic 2 merit such superficial treatment .
no laughs . --> noo laughs .
but the actors make this worth a peek . --> bt d actors make thiiisss worth a peek .
a gem of a movie . --> a gem of a movie .
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . --> tha whole thang plays lyk a tired tyco ad .
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making . --> ii 's exactly tha kind of movie toback 's detractors a accuse him of makin .
mr. clooney , mr. kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster . --> mr. clooney , mr. kaufman and all dia collaborators r entitled to take a deep bow 4 fashioning an engrossing entertainment outttttt of an almost sure-fire prescription 4 a critical ang commercial disaster .
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction . --> ii woyld b churlish t begrudge anyone 4 receiving whatever consolation that can b found in dragonfly , yet ii e impossible to fnk d filmz anything buht appalling , shamelessly manipulative aaand contrived , en totally lacking in conviction .
both deserve better . --> both deserve better .
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . --> betwn dem , de niro aaand murphy make showtime tha most savory aaand hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . --> upsetting ang thought-provoking , tha filmz hs an odd purity thay does n't bring yu into d characters soooo much as ii hs ya study em .
slap me , i saw this movie . --> slap mee , i saw this movie .
visually , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . --> visually , ` santa clause 2 ' e wondrously creative .
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board . --> a coming-of-age tale fr new zealand whose boozy , languid airrr is balanced by a rich visual clarity ang deeply felt performances across da board .
` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . --> ` it 's betetr 2 go in knowing full wellllll whut 's goin to happen , be willing to let d earnestness of its execution ang skill of its cast take yiu down a familiar rd with a few twists .
a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake . --> a portrait of hell soooooo shattering ii 's impossible 2 shake .
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired . --> hopelessly inane , humorless n under-inspired .
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . --> bogdanich e unashamedly pro-serbian ang makes little attempt t give voice t the otha side .
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . --> liek a pack of dynamite sticks , built 4 controversy .
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year . --> take any 12-year-old b to see dis picture , and he 'll b yur slave for a year .
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout . --> miyazaki 's nonstop images r soo stunning , andd hiz imagination so vivid , that tha ony possible complaint yo culd hve about spirited away e tht thr is no r period , nah timeout .
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . --> stge director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man jn this dark tale of revenge .
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs . --> vereté has a whip-smart sence of narrative bluffs .
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film . --> ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature filmz .
gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés . --> gets the look and d period trappings right , but ii otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . --> director roger kumble offers jus enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter d crudity .
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . --> a bittersweet contemporary comedy bout benevolent deception , which , while ii may naw rival da filmmaker 's period pieces , e stillll v much worth seein .
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic . --> gorgeousss to look n but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . --> then again , i a betta movie , yu might no havr noticed .
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels . --> a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... en da 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smokin barrels .
the re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well . --> the re - enactments , however fascinating nem may b as history , r tooooooo crude 2 serve d workk especially well .
if a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . --> if a horror movie 's primary goal is t frighten n disturb , then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . --> oedekerk mugs mercilessly , ang tha genuinely funny jokes r few ang far betwn .
often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films . --> often silly -- and gross -- buht it 's rarely as moronic as some camps gross-out films .
spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 ### years later . --> spielberg 's fisrt real masterpiece , ii deserved all the hearts it won -- aaand wins stillll , 20 ### years later .
... unlike -lrb- scorsese 's mean streets -rrb- , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . --> ... unlike -lrb- scorsese 's mean streets -rrb- , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters orrr even a halfway intriguing plot .
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . --> you may feel compelled t watch d filmz twice or pik upp a book o tha subject .
slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . --> slow and ponderous , buht rohmer 's drama builds t an intense indoor drama abt compassion , sacrifice , n christian looove jn da faceeee of political corruption .
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life . --> sheridan 's take on tha arthur 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take o a hard young lifeee .
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . --> godard has neva made a more sheerly beautiful filmz than dis unexpectedly movin meditation o loce , history , memory , resistance ang artistic transcendence .
under-rehearsed and lifeless --> under-rehearsed n lifeless
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise . --> the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired . --> dis 10th film in tha series looks andd feela tiard .
you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work . --> yhu need n't be steeped i '50s sociology , pop culture orrr movie lore to appreciate d emotional depth of haynes ' workk .
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart . --> rarely hav im seen a filmz shoo willing 2 champion tha fallibility of tha humen heart .
a witty , low-key romantic comedy . --> a witty , low-key romantic comedy .
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . --> whattt enlivens this film , beyond tha astute direction of cardoso andd beautifully detailed performances by all of tha actors , e a note of defiance over social dictates .
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . --> a delightful little filmz dat revels n its own simplicity , mostly martha wil leave youo w a smile o yur faceeee nd a grumble i your stomach .
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress . --> ii 's hard ta quibble wth a flick boasting dis many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. stillll feels lyke a promising work-in-progress .
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing . --> a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women andd rocawear clothing .
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two --> a strong n confident wrk which works soooo well for the first 89 mins , be ends so horrendously confusing en the final two
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage . --> even d hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can no engage .
with ` bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . --> wid ` bowling 4 columbine , ' michael moore gives us d perf starting point for a national convo about guns , violence , ang fear .
i liked it just enough . --> im liked ii juz enough .
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge . --> ii 's tha funniest american comedy since graffiti bidge .
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . --> after an uncertain start , murder hits nd generally sustains a higher plateau wth bullock 's memorable fisrt interrogation of gosling .
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . --> although devoid of objectivity en full of nostalgic comments fr the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys hs a compelling story t tell .
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet . --> ... a delicious crime kdrama o par wit d slickest of mamet .
on top of a foundering performance , -lrb- madonna 's -rrb- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . --> o top of a foundering performa , -lrb- madonna 's -rrb- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play . --> on da surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa woyld be forgettable if ii wrre n't such a clever adaptation of da bard 's tragic play .
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . --> mostly works bkuz of tha universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent usa of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time . --> bout tha ony thing 2 give the movie points 4 e bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept andd psh ii throught da audience 's meat grinder onew more time .
but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . --> be d performances of pacino , williams , andd swank keep the viewer wide-awake all d way thru .
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . --> a boring , pretentious muddle za uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , im 'm not exactly sure wahat -- nd hs all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama . --> far fr heaven e a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , ii 's a workk of enthralling drama .
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- , the movie is powerful and provocative . --> blessed wif a searing lead performa by ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- , tha movie e powerful aaand provocative .
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility . --> tha filmz desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . --> it almost feela as if d movie e more interested i entertaining itself than jn amusing us .
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures . --> a low-rent retread of da alien pics .
it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . --> ii merely indulges in the worst elements of all of dem .
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent . --> thr 's none of d happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding jn late marriage -- and dat 's part of whut makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut shoo potent .
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . --> da entire film is oooooneee biiiig excuse t play onew lewd scene after another .
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . --> a fascinating examination of d joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre . --> has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
it 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . --> ii 's a rare window o an artistic collaboration .
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement . --> report card : does n't live up t da exalted tagline - thwre 's definite room 4 improvement .
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . --> too intensely focused on da travails of bein hal hartley ta function as pastiche , na such thang e hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy . --> a backstage must-see 4 true fans of comedy .
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains . --> it 's got d brawn , but nt the brains .
lacks dramatic punch and depth . --> lacks dramatic punch and depth .
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer . --> ii may b a no-brainer , be n least ii 's a funny no-brainer .
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . --> liek the excruciating end of fay , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , be sympathy rlly belongs wif any viewer forced t watch him try outttttt so many complicated facial expressions .
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family . --> a great cast aaand a wonderful bt somtime confusing flashback movie bout growing upp i a dysfunctional family .
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves . --> ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over d realities of gay sex , en presents yet another tiard old vision of da gay community as an all-inclusive world wer uptight , middle class bores lik antonia can feel gd bout themselves .
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material . --> tha leads are o unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , thattt onew eventually resents having 2 inhale dis gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
a relative letdown . --> a relative letdown .
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . --> from its nauseating spinning credits sequence 2 a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . --> a realistically terrifying movie da puts another notch en da belt of d long list of renegade-cop tales .
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness . --> brings an irresistible blend of warmth nd humor n a consistent embracing humanity i da face of lifeee 's harshness .
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic . --> inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . --> ii 's been 13 months nd 295 preview screenings since i last walked outttttt o a movie , bt resident evil really earned ma indignant , preemptive departure .
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies . --> da leanest n meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
about schmidt belongs to nicholson . --> abt schmidt belongs 2 nicholson .
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work . --> its metaphors r opaque enuhh ta avoid didacticism , en d filmz succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical workk .
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . --> starts as an intense political aaand psychological thriller be e sabotaged by ticking time bombs ang other hollywood-action cliches .
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . --> even if it pushes its agenda tooooooo forcefully , thiiisss remains a filmz bout somethin , oooooneee that attempts and often achieves a level of connection aaand concern .
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . --> d filmz is grossly contradictory n conveying its social mesage , if indeed thr is one .
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . --> daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie nd tupac e undeniably subversive nd involving in its bold presentation .
boyd 's screenplay -lrb- co-written with guardian hack nick davies -rrb- has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon . --> boyd 's screenplay -lrb- co-written with guardian hack nick davies -rrb- has a florid turn of phrase da owes more to guy ritchie than d bard of avon .
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense . --> naw bout scares but a mood n which an ominous , pervasive , aaand unknown threat lurks juss below da proceedings nd adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . --> dis deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation i afterlife communications .
i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again --> im knooow that i 'll neva listen to marvin gaye orrr the supremes tha same way again
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore . --> a biiiig , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible . --> horrendously amateurish filmmaking thattt e plainly dull andd visually ugly when ii e n't incomprehensible .
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . --> after collateral damage , ur might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché hs been unturned .
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell . --> predictable storyline en by-the-book scripting e all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals ang tha cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma . --> laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , n sparkling , bittersweet dialogue dat cuts t tha chase of the modern gurl 's dilemma .
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty . --> essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools . --> yu get tha impression da writer en director burr steers knows d territory ... buht hiz sence of humor has yet t lose d smug self-satisfaction usually associated wit tha betetr private schools .
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . ' --> ultimately engages less 4 its story of actorly existential despair than 4 its boundary-hopping formal innovations nd glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . '
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . --> happily , sum things r immune 2 tha folly of changing taste andd cattitude .
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess . --> viewers wil nid all the luk dey can muster just figuring outttttt who 's who jn thiiisss pretentious mess .
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . --> the viewer takes great pleasure jn watchin the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in . --> wif we wrre soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt 2 tell a story about da vietnam war b4 the pathology set i .
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie . --> im jst saw this movie ... wellllll , ii 's prolly no accurate to call ii a movie .
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised . --> oooooneee of d smarter offerings d horror genre hs produced in recent memory , even if ii 's far tamer than advertised .
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . --> a well-done filmz of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . --> stillll , it jst sits there lyk a side dish no oooooneee ordered .
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie --> filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headd east , far east , n retelling a historically significant , aaand personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while tha world 's democracie
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? --> who , exactly , is fightin whom heree ?
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included --> can b as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro rhetoric , which r included
it 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's . --> ii 's a loooot t ask peole t sit stillll 4 two hours ang change watchin such a character , esp when rendered n as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's .
in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -lrb- but none of the sheer lust -rrb- . --> i truth , ii hs all da heart of a porno flick -lrb- bt none of d sheer lust -rrb- .
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film . --> cherish wld 've worked a loooot better had it been a short filmz .
if you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need . --> if yo 're lookin 4 an intelligent movie en which chu can release y pent up anger , eugh is juz tha tix u nid .
maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better . --> maybe thwre 's a metaphor heree , but figuring it out wud n't make trouble every dayy any better .
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks . --> a zippy 96 min of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , ang -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . --> every soo often a filmz cums along thattt e so insanely stoopid , o awful jn soooo many ways za watchin it leaves ayu giddy .
but it is entertaining on an inferior level . --> buht it is entertaining on an inferior level .
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . --> plummer steals the show without resorting 2 camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph .
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes . --> evokes da frustration , d awkwardness n the euphoria of growing upp , without relying o d usual tropes .
it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing . --> ii 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read n , finally , deeply humanizing .
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused . --> as ii e , ii 's tooo lang and unfocused .
this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . --> dis e naw a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey onew .
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming . --> i 'm no a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' cause it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' bt real women hv curves truly is life affirming .
too much of storytelling moves away from solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries . --> tooooooo much of storytelling moves away fr solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as tht of intellectual lector en contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .
charlotte sometimes is a gem . --> charlotte somtime e a gem .
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . --> australia : land beyond time e an enjoyable biiiig movie primarily bcs australi e a weirdly beautiful place .
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . --> as immaculate as stuart little 2 e , ii could b a lottle betta if ii were , wellllll , more adventurous .
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap . --> further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of tha resonant ang sense-spinning runnn lola run , hs turned outttttt ta b a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
-lrb- a -rrb- satisfying niblet . --> -lrb- a -rrb- satisfying niblet .
this is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . --> diss e a more fascinating look at da futur than `` bladerunner '' andd one of tha most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for da screen .
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . --> coupling disgracefully written dialogue wif flailing bodily movements da substitute 4 actin , circuit is tha awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide . --> ii rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the waaay cultural differences andd emotional expectations collide .
you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . --> yea try 2 guess da order i which the kids in tha house will b gored .
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business . --> payne has created a beautiful canvas , en nicholson proves once again za he 's d best brush in d business .
-lrb- siegel -rrb- and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . --> -lrb- siegel -rrb- andd co-writers lisa bazadona n grace woodard hv relied tooooooo much o convention i creating da characters who surround frankie .
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think . --> while the material e slight , the movie e better than yhu might think .
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . --> unambitious writin emerges in d movie , using a plot that culd ve come fr an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
the film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears . --> the film 's strength e n't jn its details , but jn d larger plc ii paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , wit the thin veneer of nationalism dat covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
i do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . --> im do n't think most of the pepul who loved the 1989 paradiso wil prefer dis new version .
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . --> a sluggish pace aaand lack of genuine narrative hem the movie i every bit as much as lifeee hems in the spirits of deez young women .
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . --> broomfield 's style of journalism e hardly journalism at all , aaand even those wth an avid interest jn da subject wil grow impatient .
mostly , -lrb- goldbacher -rrb- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . --> mostly , -lrb- goldbacher -rrb- jus lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , throught it all , humen .
even with its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . --> even w its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio neva quite achieves d feel of a fanciful motion plc .
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt --> adam sandler 's heart may b en the rightt place , but he needs 2 pull hiz head outttttt of hiz butt
a genuine mind-bender . --> a genuine mind-bender .
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . --> just as tha recent argentine filmz son of da bride reminded us tht a feel-good movie can stillll show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actully hs a brain .
that frenetic spectacle -lrb- on the tv show -rrb- has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout . --> thattt frenetic spectacle -lrb- o d tv show -rrb- hs usually been leavened by a charm thay 's conspicuously missing fr d girls ' big-screen blowout .
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . --> nonchalantly freaky en uncommonly pleasurable , warm wada may well b d year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
she 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . --> she 's all-powerful , a voice 4 a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating . --> qualities thay wrre once amusing r becoming irritating .
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos . --> diss e a story dat zings all d waaay through wit originality , humour en pathos .
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is ! --> wat a stiflingly unfunny nd unoriginal mess dis is !
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . --> tooooooo stagey , talky -- and lang -- 4 its own gud .
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . --> as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie hs it beat by a country mile .
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more . --> a tasty appetizer that leaves yuh wanting more .
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . --> o its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy e generally quite funny .
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem . --> a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise n manipulation ang mayhem .
it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -lrb- eyre 's -rrb- first film something of a sleeper success . --> ii lacks the compassion , good-natured humour nd tha level of insight tht made -lrb- eyre 's -rrb- fisrt filmz something of a sleeper success .
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet . --> personally , i 'd rather watch dem o the animal planet .
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . --> as commander-in-chief of dis filmz , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision aaand an attention t detail thay propels her into the upper echelons of d directing world .
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . --> an annoying orgy of excess en exploitation thattt has no point andd goes nowhere .
the art demands live viewing . --> d art demands live viewing .
paul cox needed to show it . --> paul cox needed to show ii .
astonishing ... -lrb- frames -rrb- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment . --> astonishing ... -lrb- frames -rrb- profound ethical ang philosophical questions in d form of dazzling pop entertainment .
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . --> although the subject matter may stillll b too closeeee to recent national events , the film works - mostly due 2 its superior cast of characters .
a stirring road movie . --> a stirring rd movie .
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . --> bursting through da constraints of its source , this e one adapted - from-television movie dat acttually looks as if ii belongs o tha big screen .
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . --> even w all its botches , enigma offers all tha pleasure of a handsome andd well-made entertainment .
the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . --> d images lack contrast , are murky ang r frequently tooo dark t b decipherable .
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence . --> thwre 's real visual charge t da filmmaking , n a strong erotic spark t da most crucial lip-reading sequence .
if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you . --> if you 're n d right b-movie frame of mind , ii may just scare the pants off you .
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . --> city by the sea e a gritty police thriller wit all d dysfunctional family dynamics onew culd wish 4 .
dismally dull sci-fi comedy . --> dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
it 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids . --> ii 's weiiiiird , wonderful , en not necessarily 4 kids .
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond . --> executed w such gentille but insistent sincerity , w such gud humour n appreciation of tha daily grind thattt ony the most hardhearted scrooge culd fail ta respond .
maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . --> mybe he wos reading d minds of the audience .
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue . --> grenier e terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery ta toback 's heidegger - ang nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . --> burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- fr d writin en direction to d soggy performances -- tossed o .
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -lrb- though no less horrifying for it -rrb- . --> less tha sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might lyke and more experimental n its storytelling -lrb- though no less horrifying 4 ii -rrb- .
it 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow . --> ii 's nt soo much a movie as a joint promotio 4 da national bball association ang teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow waow .
it labours as storytelling . --> it labours as storytelling .
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you . --> a first-class rd movie that proves you can run away fr homee , but yur ego n all ur probs go w you .
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . --> tha nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , wid the surface histrionics failing to compensate for tha paper-thin characterizations nd facile situations .
it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here . --> ii makes mi say tha obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter heree .
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . --> festers in juz such a dungpile da yuh 'd sware you wrre watchin monkeys flinging dia feces at yo .
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . --> yess , im hav given this movie a rating of zero .
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together . --> a buoyant romantic comedy bout friendship , luff , aaand tha truth da we 're all in dis together .
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . --> the locations go fr stark desert t gorgeousss beaches .
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 ### , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism . --> an acceptable way to pass a lil over an hour wth moviegoers ages 8-10 ### , be ii 's unlikely 2 inspire anything more than a visit ta mcdonald 's , let alone sum savvy street activism .
those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them . --> those who r n't put o by tha filmz 's austerity wil fnk ii more than capable of rewarding em .
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape . --> hs nuffin goood to speak abt otha than da fact dat ii e relatively short , tries its best t hide the fact that seagal 's overweight nd outttttt of shape .
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . --> lyke a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays . --> a fascinating literary mystery story wid multiple strands bout tha controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays .
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . --> jus tooooooo silly aaand sophomoric t ensnare its target audience .
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' . --> ... oooooneee of tha more influential works of tha ` korean new wave ' .
the closest thing to the experience of space travel --> da closest thang 2 tha experience of space travel
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . --> right now , dey 're merely signposts marking d slow , lingering death of imagination .
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . --> while easier ta sit thru than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's stillll tainted by cliches , painful improbability n murky points .
bon appétit ! --> bon appétit !
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . --> as animation increasingly emphasizes tha computer and da cool , diss is a filmz that takes a stand jn fav of tradition n warmth .
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . --> voy , hs diss franchise every runnn outttttt of gas .
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative . --> tha filmz itself e bout something v interesting and odd that would prolly wrk betetr as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre actin or a fairly trite narrative .
two hours of junk . --> two hrs of junk .
this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . --> thiiisss e absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult 2 every famly whose muh has suffered thru da horrible pains of a death by cancer .
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . --> i loce the opening scenes of a wintry new york city i 1899 .
-lrb- d -rrb- espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ... --> -lrb- d -rrb- espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . --> thou its rather routine script is loaded w familiar situations , da movie hs a cinematic fluidity andd sense of intelligence that makes it wrk more than ii prolly shuld .
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors . --> alternative medicine obvi hs its merits ... be ayurveda does the field no favors .
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . --> a livin testament t da power of the eccentric nd d strange .
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . --> ii 's naw as awful as some of tha recent hollywood trip tripe ... but ii 's far fr a groundbreaking endeavor .
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane . --> infidelity kdrama e nicely shot , well-edited aaand features a standout performa by diane lane .
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . --> a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum thattt plays like a 95-minute commercial 4 nba properties .
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . --> talkiness e n't necessarily bad , be da dialogue frequently misses da mark .
but the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes . --> buht tha 2002 filmz does n't really believe n it , andd breaks tha mood wit absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
not so much farcical as sour . --> nt soo much farcical as sour .
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . --> lyk life o da island , d movie grows boring despite da scenery .
the material and the production itself are little more than routine . --> the material ang d production itself r lil more than routine .
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . --> aspires ta the cracked lunacy of da adventures of buckaroo banzai , buht thanks t an astonishingly witless script ends up more lyk the adventures of ford fairlane .
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise . --> far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .
when it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ? --> when ii 's this rich ang luscious , who cares ?
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms . --> informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a humen faceeee ta whet 's often discussed i purely abstract terms .
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message . --> a compelling pre-wwii kdrama with vivid characters and a warm , movin mesage .
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder --> a bizarre piece of wrk , wif premise andd dialogue n the level of kids ' television ang plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape nd suspected murder
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . --> at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the vid store -- in search of a betetr movie experience .
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience . --> skip thiiisss turd nd pik y nose instead bcos yah 're sure to get more outttttt of tha latter experience .
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . --> wut a concept , wht an idea , what a thrill ride .
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . --> unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology t take d viewer inside the wave .
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . --> be forewarned , if ya 're depressed about anything b4 watchin dis filmz , youuu may jst end up trying to drown urself en a lake afterwards .
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past . --> it hs becum apparent that da franchise 's best years r lang past .
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . --> ii strikes hardest ... whn ii reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
most consumers of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . --> most consumers of lo mein en general tso 's chicken barely give a thought t the folks who prepare n deliver it , so , hopefully , dis film will attach a humen faceeee to all those little steaming cartons .
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . --> even en terms of da low-grade cheese standards on which ii operates , ii never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard -lrb- which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog -rrb- is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered . --> d nicest thng thattt can b said about stealing harvard -lrb- which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dogg -rrb- e that it 's nt as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered .
ill-considered , unholy hokum . --> ill-considered , unholy hokum .
it 's just merely very bad . --> ii 's juss merely v bad .
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile . --> a flick bout our infantilized culture thay is n't entirely infantile .
rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . --> rymer does n't trust laughs -- en does n't conjure proper respect for followers of d whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more fr a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . --> trying to make head orrr tail of the story jn d hip-hop indie snipes is enuhh ta give yah brain strain -- aaand tha pay-off is negligible .
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard . --> d filmz does give a pretty goood overall picture of tha situation n laramie following da murder of matthew shepard .
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen . --> diss toothless dogg , already o cable , loses all bite o d big screen .
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines . --> thiiisss rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about da lifeee of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein aaand hiz family , transcends ethnic lines .
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . --> boll uses a lottle of quick cutting and blurry step-printing ta goose things up , buht dopey dialogue nd somtime inadequate performances slayy tha effect .
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e ! --> diss 90-minute dud culd pass 4 mike tyson 's e !
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 ### set . --> a generic family comedy unlikely 2 b appreciated by anyones outside da under-10 ### set .
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video . --> an amateurish , quasi-improvised actin exercise shot on ugly digital video .
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . --> the very simple story seems tooooooo simple nd da working outttttt of the plot almost arbitrary .
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat . --> the elements wrre all thwre be lack of a pyschological centre knocks ii flat .
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming . --> exactly whet its title implies : lusty , boisterous andd utterly charming .
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip . --> wat remains is a variant of tha nincompoop benigni persona , heree a more annoying , thoee less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by d voice of d star of rd trip .
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . --> cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy da 's naw da least bit romantic en ony mildly funny .
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . --> heartwarming heree relies less o forced airrr than o petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... andd a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ? --> let 's c , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's nxt ... ghost blimp ?
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . --> with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases en dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
based on dave barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . --> based o dave barry 's popular book of the sameee name , the movie benefits fr having a real writer plot outttttt all of d characters ' moves andd overlapping story .
what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor . --> wh 's missing e wat we call tha ` woah ' factor .
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . --> normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate mi , buht whn he moves his setting t da past , nd relies o a historical txt , he loses tha richness of characterization that makes hiz films shoo memorable .
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . --> even if ii e generally amusing fr time t time , im spy hs all d sameee probs d majority of action comedies ve .
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . --> you watch 4 thay sence of openness , da lil surprises .
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . --> d urban landscapes are detailed dwm to da signs o tha kiosks , and tha colour palette , wit lots of somber blues n pinks , e dreamy n evocative .
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here . --> the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , e of overwhelming waste -- tha acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's ntn resembling a spine here .
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this ! --> ii throws quirky characters , odd situations , andd off-kilter dialogue n us , all as if t say , `` look n thiiisss !
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 ### premise . --> alan nd hiz fellow survivors r idiosyncratic enough t lift d movie above its playwriting 101 ### premise .
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy . --> a filmz neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing . --> of all da halloween 's , dis e da most visually unappealing .
light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time . --> light , silly , photographed wid colour n depth , ang rather a good'o time .
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart . --> ii 's refreshing t c a romance dis smart .
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light . --> sodden en glum , even i those moments whr it 's supposed to feel funny n light .
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -lrb- crane -rrb- becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report . --> with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -lrb- crane -rrb- becomes more specimen than character -- n auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic . --> ntn bout the filmz -- wit the posible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
a manically generous christmas vaudeville . --> a manically generous christmas vaudeville .
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs . --> d powder blues ang sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop 4 thiiisss sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release jn belly-dancing clubs .
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . --> wth dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping gd yarn e told .
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . --> im approached da usher and said da if she had 2 sit throught ii again , she shld ask 4 a raise .
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . --> it makes yah believe tha cast andd crew thoroughly enjoyed theirselves and believed en their small-budget filmz .
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . --> the film e enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headd by christopher plummer as d subtlest ang most complexly evil uncle ralph im 've ever seen i d many filmz nd stge adaptations of tha workk .
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . --> dese three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually en thematically , through dia consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored pepul .
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . --> smart and alert , thirteen conversations abt one thang is a small gem .
insanely hilarious ! --> insanely hilarious !
... strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . --> ... strips bible stores of da potential 4 sanctimoniousness , makin dem meaningful 4 both kids aaand church-wary adults .
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating . --> ii 's just weirdness 4 tha sake of weirdness , en wer human nature shuld b ingratiating , ii 's juss grating .
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . --> its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun . --> it works its magic wit such exuberance nd passion tht da filmz 's length becomes a part of its fun .
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . --> even if da enticing prospect of a loooot of nubile young actors jn a filmz abt camps depravity dd n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , ii woyld b rendered tedious by avary 's failure 2 construct a story wid even a trace of dramatic interest .
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . --> it goes on 4 too lang n bogs dwm i a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about . --> a feel-good movie thay does n't give ayu nuff to feel goood bout .
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour . --> give shapiro , goldman , aaand bolado credit 4 gd intentions , be thwre 's nun heree thattt dey could n't have done en half an hour .
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism . --> im wos feeling this movie until ii veered o too far into tha exxon zone , nd lefft mee behind n da station lookin 4 a return tix to realism .
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well . --> if the real-life story e genuinely inspirational , da movie stirs us as wellllll .
disturbing . --> disturbing .
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . --> tha large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming da teeming lifeee o the reefs , makin thiiisss gorgeousss film a must for everyone fr junior scientists 2 grown-up fish lovers .
it 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . --> ii 's hard 2 pity da ` plain ' g who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me . --> why anyones who is naw a character n thiiisss movie shuld care e beyond mee .
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . --> d movie 's major and most devastating flaw e its reliance o formula , tho , andd ii 's quite eugh ta lessen d overall impact tha movie culd hav had .
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . --> it e depressing , ruthlessly pained nd depraved , tha movie equivalent of starin into an open wound .
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four . --> as aimless as an ol pickup skidding completely out of control o a long patch of black ice , d movie makes two hrs feel liek four .
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . --> a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted i a sincere performa by tha title character undergoing midlife crisis .
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises . --> ... contains v few laughs n even less surprises .
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb . --> a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards . --> yuh can watch , giggle en get an adrenaline boost whithout feeli lik yui 've completely lowered u entertainment standards .
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding . --> earnest n heartfelt be undernourished aaand plodding .
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . --> a dull , somnambulant exercise i pretension whose pervasive quiet e broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year . --> ii e n't quite oooooneee of the worst movies of the year .
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet . --> tha filmz presents visceral nd dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind d curtains of our planet .
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . --> handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit ang artifice .
this is the best star trek movie in a long time . --> thiiisss e the best star trek movie jn a lang time .
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life . --> a remarkably alluring filmz set jn the constrictive eisenhower era bout onew suburban woman 's yearning in da faceeee of a loss za shatters her cheery n tranquil suburban lifeee .
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . --> instead of simply handling conventional material en a conventional waaay , secretary takes da most unexpected material aaand handles ii i tha most unexpected waaay .
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others . --> a winning comedy wth its wry observations about long-lived friendships and tha ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by tryin to pleaseee others .
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic . --> writer-director randall wallace hs bitten off more than he orrr anyones else could chew , and hiz movie veers lik a drunken driver through heavy traffic .
like kissing jessica stein , amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . --> lik kissn jessica stein , amy 's orgasm has a key strength en its willingness ta explore its principal characters wit honesty , insight ang humour .
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era . --> an edifying glimpse into the wit n revolutionary spirite of dese performers and their era .
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . --> starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . --> the touch e generally light eugh nd da performances , 4 the most part , credible .
it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter . --> ii e sentimental bt feela free ta offend , e analytical aaand then surrenders to da illogic of its characters , is abt grief aaand yet permits laughter .
eight legged freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ... --> eight legged freaks wo n't join d pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks thay we hv cum to luv ...
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject . --> howard n hiz co-stars all give committed performances , buht dey 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts 2 fnk a ` literary ' filmmaking style ta match hiz subject .
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . --> d actors must indeed b goodd ta recite sum of thiiisss laughable dialogue wit a str8 faceeee .
it 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind . --> ii 's betetr suited 4 da history orrr biography channel , bt theyr 's na arguing d tone of d movie - it leaves a bad taste in yor mouth ang questions on u mind .
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material . --> a story which fails 2 rise above its disgusting source material .
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video\/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . --> belongs en da too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video\/dvd category , n dis e y im hav given it a one-star rating .
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . --> imagine a filmz da begins as a seven rip-off , ony ta switch 2 a mix of da shining , da thng , and any naked teenagers horror flick fr d 1980s .
without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking . --> whithout a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever e neither a promise nor a threat soooo much as wishful thinkin .
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . ' --> this humbling little filmz , fueled by tha light comedic wrk of zhao benshan nd da delicate ways of dong jie , e just the sort 4 those moviegoers who complain za ` dey do n't make movies liek hey used t anymore . '
what does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ? --> wahat does n't dis filmz ve dat an impressionable kid could n't stand 2 hear ?
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls . --> stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference betwn this aaand countless otha flicks bout guys andd dolls .
` in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' --> ` jn this poor remake of such a wellllll loved classic , parker exposes tha limitations of hiz skill and da basic flaws n hiz vision . '
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . --> overall tomfoolery lyke dis e a matter of taste .
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 ### minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . --> a soap-opera quality twist n d last 20 ### minutes ... almost puts the kibosh o whut e otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . --> tha actors try hard buht come o tooo amateurish en awkward .
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . --> occasionally loud ang offensive , but more often , ii simply lulls chu into a gentle waking coma .
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher . --> we 've seen it all b4 en onew form orrr another , but director hoffman , with great help fr kevin kline , makes us care bout dis latest reincarnation of da world 's greatest teacher .
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen . --> easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of da root causes of anti-semitism ever seen o screen .
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . --> despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , tha mane who wrote rocky does no deserve ta go dwm with a ship as leaky as diss .
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal . --> about half of them r funny , a few r sexy en none r useful jn telling the story , which e paper-thin aaand decidedly unoriginal .
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill . --> da filmz is filled wit humorous observations bout d general absurdity of modern life as seen thru da eyes outsiders , be deftly manages to avoid many of d condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealin wid d mentally ill .
impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies . --> impostor ca n't think of a thng ta do w dese characters except hv dem runnn thru dark tunnels , fight o various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
a great script brought down by lousy direction . --> a great script brought down by lousy direction .
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . --> new ways of describing badness nid 2 b invented ta describe exactly hw bad ii is .
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 ### minutes . --> rubbo runs thru a remarkable amount of material in tha filmz 's short 90 ### min .
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . --> while dis filmz hs an ` a ' list cast and sum strong supporting players , da tale -- lyk its central figure , vivi -- e just a lil bit hard 2 loce .
zoom ! --> zoom !
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . --> it 's a bad sign wen ur 're rooting 4 tha filmz 2 hurry up ang get t its subjects ' deaths just soooo da documentary wil b over , bt ii 's indicative of how uncompelling da movie e unless ii happens 2 cover ya particular area of interest .
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree . --> the creative animation wrk may no look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , be ii uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds ta an equally impressive degree .
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . --> every sequel ur skip wil be two hrs gained .
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started . --> ii 's hard ta imagine ayebody every bein `` en the mood '' ta view a movie as harrowing andd painful as tha grey zone , buht ii 's equally hard 2 imagine ayebody bein able to tear dey eyes away fr da screen once ii 's started .
it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good . --> ii gives devastating testimony to both pepul 's capacity 4 evil and dey heroic capacity 4 good .
makes one thing abundantly clear . --> makes oooooneee thing abundantly clear .
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . ' --> cherry orchard e badly edited , often awkwardly directed andd suffers fr d addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed 2 give sum of da characters a ` bsck story . '
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility . --> tooooooo slick nd manufactured 2 claim street credibility .
the film is full of charm . --> the filmz e full of charm .
it 's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history . --> it 's naw d least of afghan tragedies thattt dis noble warlord wld b consigned 2 da dustbin of history .
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings . --> there r no special effects , and na hollywood endings .
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs -lrb- including a knockout of a closing line -rrb- , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . --> while hollywood ending hs its share of belly laughs -lrb- including a knockout of a closing line -rrb- , d movie winds upp feeling liek a great missed opportunity .
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies . --> we admire this filmz 4 its harsh objectivity aaand refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout . --> a funny and well-contructed black comedy wer tha ol adage `` b careful whet yui wish 4 '' is given a full workout .
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective . --> naw a schlocky creature feature be sumn far more stylish en cerebral -- en , hence , more chillingly effective .
this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . --> dis movie ... does n't deserve the energy ii takes 2 describe hw bad ii e .
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . --> oooooneee of tha most important andd exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since oll walt doodled steamboat willie .
after a while , hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . --> after a while , hoffman 's quirks aaand mannerisms , particularly hiz penchant for teering upp o cue -- things dat seem soooo real en small doses -- becum annoying en artificial .
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 ### biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . --> ii 's nt lyk having a real film of nijinsky , be at least ii 's betta than thay eponymous 1980 ### biopic that used soap n the places wer d mysteries lingered .
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear . --> d ony surprise e thattt heavyweights joel silver en robert zemeckis agreed 2 produce this ; i assume d director hs pics of them cavorting i ladies ' underwear .
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . '' --> tha overall feel e not unlike watchin a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . ''
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative . --> ... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
what 's next ? --> wahat 's nxt ?
in the end , there is n't much to it . --> i tha end , thwre e n't much to ii .
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . --> an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get bout overachieving culd be intriguing , be da supernatural trappings ony obscure d mesage .
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . --> an incredibly irritating comedy bout thoroughly vacuous pepul ... manages ta embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague whithout any of its sence of fun orrr energy .
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . --> the movie itself is far fr disappointing , offering an original take o courtroom movies , a few nifty twists da r so crucial 2 d genre n another first-rate performa by top-billed star bruce willis .
norton is magnetic as graham . --> norton e magnetic as graham .
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate . --> the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited be enthusiastic adaptation hs made literature literal whithout killing its soul -- a feat any thinkin person e bound ta appreciate .
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point . --> a remarkable movie wif an unsatisfying ending , which e jus tha point .
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way . --> mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction e technically sophisticated jn da worst wayy .
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media subcultures . --> a weiiiiird lil movie that 's amusing enough while yea watch ii , offering fine acting moments en pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz en media subcultures .
a wonderful , ghastly film . --> a wonderful , ghastly filmz .
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . --> d movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
the film is flat . --> tha filmz is flat .
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 ### minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . --> stealing harvard wil dip into y wallet , swipe 90 ### minutes of y time , en offer chu precisely diss n recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as ii is repetitious .
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material --> shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either . --> bt windtalkers does n't beat thattt oooooneee , either .
-lrb- lee -rrb- treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . --> -lrb- lee -rrb- treats hiz audience the sameee wayy za jim brown treats his women -- as dum , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher . --> d problema wif antwone fisher e dat ii has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based o the book by antwone fisher .
whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . --> whenever yui think yu 've seen d end of the movie , we cut t a new scene , which also appears 2 b tha end .
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans -lrb- but by no means all -rrb- will have fun with . --> a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser thattt open-minded elvis fans -lrb- bt by na means all -rrb- wil have fun with .
co-writer\/director jonathan parker 's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short . --> co-writer\/director jonathan parker 's attempts ta fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . --> smart ang fun , but far more witty than ii is wise .
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing . --> o fantasma e boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically aaand sexually , andd its impact e deeply en rightly disturbing .
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours . --> a filmz abt female friendship thay men can embrace andd women wil talk abt 4 hrs .
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . ' --> ` ii looks goodd , sonny , but you missed da point . '
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here . --> there 's nun remotely topical orrr sexy heree .
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience . --> fincher takes noo apparent joy in makin movies , n he gives none to tha audience .
even after 90 ### minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . --> even after 90 ### minutes of playin opposite each other bullock n grant still look ill at ease sharing tha sameee scene .
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period . --> blood wrk is laughable en da solemnity wit which it tries to pump lifeee into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period .
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat . --> d slapstick e labored , and d bigger setpieces flat .
the pool drowned me in boredom . --> the poooollll drowned mee i boredom .
-lrb- sports -rrb- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency . --> -lrb- sports -rrb- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
here is a vh1 ### behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation . --> heree is a vh1 ### behind tha music special dat hs something a little more special behind ii : music that dd n't sell many records be helped change a nation .
it 's never dull and always looks good . --> ii 's neva dull ang allways looks goodd .
competently directed but terminally cute drama . --> competently directed be terminally cute kdrama .
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . --> a sweet , tender sermon bout a 12-year-old welsh b more curious bout god than girls , who learns da believing in sumn does matter .
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness . --> loses its sence of humor i a vat of failed jokes , twitchy actin , aaand general boorishness .
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . --> i the era of tha sopranos , ii feela painfully redundant nd inauthentic .
i will be . --> im will b .
it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing . --> ii 's tough ta be startled when u 're almost dozing .
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen . --> represents the depths 2 which da girls-behaving-badly filmz hs fallen .
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle . --> an impenetrable n insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose . --> the filmz e an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , buht ii woyld be even more indistinct than ii e wrre ii not 4 d striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose .
it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful . --> ii 's da element of condescension , as d filmmakers look dwm o dey working-class subjects fr dia lofty perch , thattt finally makes sex wth strangers , which opens 2day n da new york metropolitan area , soooooo distasteful .
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare . --> a return t pure disney magic andd e enjoyable famly fare .
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register . --> distances ayu by throwing out shoo many red herrings , so many false scares , that tha genuine ones barely register .
the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point . --> tha fact that ii is n't very good'o e almost beside d point .
it takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -lrb- and exotic dancing -rrb- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned . --> ii takes yuh somewhere you 're naw likely 2 hv seen b4 , be beneath the exotic surface -lrb- aaand exotic dancing -rrb- ii 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness . --> bolstered by exceptional performances ang a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealin ang tha pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . --> ii e a happy , heady jumble of thought nd storytelling , an insane comic undertaking dat ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative filmz .
perhaps the grossest movie ever made . --> perhaps the grossest movie every made .
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . --> viveka seldahl n sven wollter wil touch yhu 2 da core in a filmz ayu wil neva forget -- za you shld never forget .
... instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance . --> ... instead go rent `` shakes d clown '' , a much funnier film wid a similiar theme and an equally great robin williams performa .
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice . --> da documentary e much tooooooo conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- t do the subject matter justice .
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary . --> an engrossing nd infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . --> ntn sticks , rlly , except a lingering creepiness oooooneee feela from bein dragged throught a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice andd damaged dreams .
the film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter . --> d film 's gamble t occasionally break up tha live-action scenes wth animated sequences pays o , as does its sensitive handling of sum delicate subject matter .
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . --> d attempt 2 build upp a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from da simple fact thay tha movie hs virtually nothing ta show .
wes craven 's presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . ' --> wes craven 's presence e felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare o elm street ' orrr ` da hills ve eyes , ' buht d sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . '
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ... --> buht tongue-in-cheek preposterousness hs alwayz been part of for tha most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` bein earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . --> as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully fr male persona 2 female whithout missing a beat .
run for your lives ! --> runnn 4 y lives !
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -lrb- orlando jones -rrb- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . --> 4 every cheesy scene , thoee , thr is a rlly cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -lrb- orlando jones -rrb- who knows everything n answers all questions , e visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
an impressive hybrid . --> an impressive hybrid .
the chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . --> the chateau ... e less concerned wid cultural n political issues than doting o its eccentric characters .
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it . --> highly recommended as an engrossing story bout a horrifying historical event and tha elements which contributed t ii .
-lrb- macdowell -rrb- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is . --> -lrb- macdowell -rrb- ventures beyond her abilities several times heree n reveals how bad an actress she e .
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick . --> pap invested n undergraduate doubling subtexts andd ridiculous stabs n existentialism reminding of tha discovery of the wizard of god jn the fifth trek flick .
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do . --> d disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . --> he does this soo wellllll yah do n't havr d slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression . --> unless bob crane e some1 of particular interest t ur , thiiisss filmz 's impressive performances nd adept direction r n't likely 2 leave a lasting impression .
a surprisingly funny movie . --> a surprisingly funny movie .
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst . --> drug abuse , infidelity ang death are n't usually comedy fare , buht turpin 's filmz allows us ta chuckle throught tha angst .
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes . --> a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood w a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap . --> allegiance ta chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays wid somber earnestness in d new adaptation of d cherry orchard , e a particularly vexing handicap .
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece . --> no ony a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , be also a perfectly rendered period piece .
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' . --> sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro dat it sim d filmz shuld instead b called ` mi husband e travis bickle ' .
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown . --> a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 ### years of russian history . --> a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel thru 300 ### years of russian history .
the movie is a trove of delights . --> d movie e a trove of delights .
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about . --> d filmmakers needed more emphasis o da storytelling n less o tha glamorous machine that thrusts da audience into a futur they wo n't much care about .
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . --> be it does somehow manage ta get yo under its spell .
in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . --> in hiz u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master andd stylist .
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . --> yet another arnold vehicle thay fails t make adequate use of hiz particular talents .
it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . --> ii wil guarantee 2 ve chu leavin d theater wit a smyle on yo faceeee .
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . --> an uncomfortable movie , suffocating n somtime almost senseless , da grey zone does havr a centre , tho a morbid one .
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? --> sweet gentille geez , dd tha screenwriters juss do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line i history ?
-lrb- sam 's -rrb- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . --> -lrb- sam 's -rrb- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
dramas like this make it human . --> dramas like thiiisss make ii humen .
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch . --> although estela bravo 's documentary e cloyingly hagiographic i its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , ii 's stillll a guilty pleasure t watch .
but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . --> buht da cinematography e cloudy , d pict makin becalmed .
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . --> diss e christmas futur 4 a lottle of babe boomers .
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty . --> diss bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over tha blemishes of youth captures da combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity dat tend t characterize puberty .
viva le resistance ! --> viva le resistance !
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . --> sum body smacks of exhibitionism more than ii does cathartic truth tellin .
plodding , peevish and gimmicky . --> plodding , peevish aaand gimmicky .
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . --> given too much time t consider da looseness of the piece , d picture begins 2 resemble tha shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop thattt ii e .
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . --> tha ingenuity da parker displays n freshening d play e almost n a class with da of wilde himself .
nijinsky says , ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . --> nijinsky says , ' im knw hw t suffer ' andd if ayu c this filmz youo 'll know tooo .
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . --> frequent flurries of creative belly laughs nd genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep da movie slaloming throught its hackneyed elements w enjoyable ease .
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . --> ii wil make you think twice bout wahat might be goin o inside each trailer park ayu drive past -- even if ii chiefly inspires ur to drive a lil faster .
witless and utterly pointless . --> witless and utterly pointless .
fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . --> fred schepisi 's filmz e paced n a sped that e slow to those of us jn midd age en deathly slow t any teen .
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . --> may lack the pungent bite of its title , but ii 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation . --> a rather brilliant lil cult item : a pastiche of childrens 's entertainment , superhero comics , andd japanese animation .
the film is a fierce dance of destruction . --> the filmz e a fierce dance of destruction .
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . --> d mark of a respectable summer blockbuster e oooooneee of two things : unadulterated thrills orrr genuine laughs .
it 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . --> ii 's hard to care abt a film dat proposes as epic tragedy da plight of a callow rich boy who e forced t choose betwn hiz beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old gf n an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
psychologically revealing . --> psychologically revealing .
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . --> if a biiiig musical number like ` praise d lord , he 's tha gdo of sec chances ' does n't put ya o , this wil b an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
but seriously , folks , it does n't work . --> bt srsly , folks , ii does n't workk .
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care . --> i wes taryn to decide wut annoyed me most abt gdo e great ... im 'm not , n then im realized that im juss did n't care .
and there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends . --> and theyr 's an element of heartbreak ta watchin ii nah , wit older en wiser eyes , bcause we knooow wat will happen after greene 's story ends .
bluto blutarsky , we miss you . --> bluto blutarsky , we mis yah .
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . --> crossroads feela lyk a teenybopper ed wood filmz , replete wth tha pubescent scandalous innuendo and da high-strung buht flaccid kdrama .
do n't say you were n't warned . --> do n't say yiu wrre n't warned .
hopkins , squarely fills the screen . --> hopkins , squarely fills d screen .
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . --> hashiguchi vividly captures d way young japanese live nuh , chafing against dey culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness aaand undying , traditional politesse .
you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . --> ya leave da sameee way yiu came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , be na new friends .
while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . --> while ii can b a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining aaand informative documentary .
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . --> what makes da filmz special is d refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm da the pple , n spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . --> thiiisss may be burns 's strongest filmz since d bros mcmullen .
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . --> warm n its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday ppl , relaxed i its perf quiet pace and proud en its mesage .
its director 's most substantial feature for some time . --> its director 's most substantial feature for sum time .
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . ' --> a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull za its tagline shld b : ` en space , noo oooooneee can hear chu snore . '
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute . --> leave ii ta john sayles ta take o developers , da chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , nd commercialism all in the sameee movie ... whithout neglecting character development 4 even onew min .
`` extreme ops '' exceeds expectations . --> `` extreme ops '' exceeds expectations .
it 's stylishly directed with verve ... --> ii 's stylishly directed with verve ...
fans of critics ' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart . --> fans of critics ' darlin band wilco wil marvel n da somtime murky , always brooding look of im m trying t break y heart .
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work . --> its adult themes of familial separation andd societal betrayal r head andd shoulders above much of d director 's previous popcorn wrk .
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book . --> chen films da resolutely downbeat smokers ony wit every indulgent , indie trick i d book .
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . --> d weiiiiird thng about da santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , e da thwre e nothing i ii 2 engage childrens emotionally .
what -lrb- frei -rrb- gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows . --> what -lrb- frei -rrb- gives us ... e a mane who uses da damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- t create d kind of art shots da fill gallery shows .
-lrb- hell is -rrb- looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . --> -lrb- hell e -rrb- lookin dwm n yur watch ang realizing serving sara e n't even halfway thru .
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . --> mee na lika da accents o gd , bt im thoroughly enjoyed the looove story .
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . --> director lee hs a true cinematic knack , be ii 's also nice 2 c a movie wth its heart shoo thoroughly , unabashedly o its sleeve .
in other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study . --> jn otha words , ii 's juss another sports drama\/character study .
there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . --> there 's ntn interesting n unfaithful whatsoever .
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . --> compassionately explores d seemingly irreconcilable situation betwn conservative christian parents and dia estranged gay aaand lesbian childrens .
worthy of the gong . --> worthy of the gong .
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . --> a pointed , often tender , examination of da pros nd cons of unconditional luv and familial duties .
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . --> more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking tha spark of imagination thattt might hav made ii an exhilarating treat .
the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance . --> d fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable 4 a matinee , wth a mesage thattt cautions childrens about disturbing da world 's delicate ecological balance .
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film . --> da filmz e soooooo packed wid subplots involving tha various silbersteins that it feela more liek tha pilot episode of a tv series than a feature filmz .
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . --> it 's both sitcomishly predictable nd cloying n its attempts to b poignant .
the charming result is festival in cannes . --> the charming result e festival in cannes .
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . --> while tha filmz is not entirely successful , ii still manages 2 string together nuff charming moments ta work .
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill --> ii e parochial , accessible t a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , andd smugly suggests a superior moral tone e more important than filmmaking skill
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . --> diss breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation o tha waaay we wrre , aaand the waaay we are .
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . --> she allows each character t confront their probs openly ang honestly .
the film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking . --> the filmz 's maudlin focus o da young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like da worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .
plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall ! --> plus , liek im alrdy mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !
cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . --> cinematic poetry showcases d city 's old-world charm b4 machines change nearly everythang .
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one . --> a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as wellllll as a remarkably faithful oooooneee .
the ring never lets you off the hook . --> d ring never lets yhu off tha hook .
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . --> lan yu sim altogether tooooooo slight to b called any kind of masterpiece .
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . --> fails jn makin dis character understandable , jn gettin under her skin , in exploring motivation ... wellllll b4 d end , tha film grows as dull as its characters , bout whose fate ii e hard ta care .
uplifting , funny and wise . --> uplifting , funny en wise .
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time . --> d film hs a laundry list of minor shortcomings , buht tha numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth da price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is yor idea of a gd time .
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . --> cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study jn sociopathy .
i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . --> im stopped thinkin bout hw good ii all vas , ang started doin nuffin buht reacting t ii - feelin a part of its grand locations , thinkin urgently as tha protagonists struggled , feeling n da mercy of its inventiveness , gasping n its visual delights .
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor . --> tha beauty of the piece e tht ii counts heart as important as humour .
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save . --> a peculiar misfire za even tunney ca n't save .
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . --> fast-paced n wonderfully edited , tha filmz e extremely thorough .
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . --> en painting an unabashedly romantic pict of a nation whose songz spring directly from tha lives of da pple , the movie exalts d marxian dream of honest working folk , wif lil ta show 4 dey labour , livin harmoniously , joined i song .
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic . --> witless , pointless , tasteless nd idiotic .
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley . --> a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee aaand writer john ridley .
the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . --> d problem e thay ii e onew thay allows him 2 churn outttttt onew mediocre movie after another .
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book . --> hey kept much of da plot but jettisoned d stuff dat wld make dis a movin experience 4 people who have n't read tha book .
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral . --> with a tighter editorial process aaand firmer direction diss material could work , especially since tha actresses in the lead roles r all more than competent , be as e , personal velocity seems 2 be idling i neutral .
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . --> more timely than its director culd every havr dreamed , diss quietly lyrical tale probes d ambiguous welcome extended by iran t d afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade . --> brings t a spectacular completion onew of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of da last decade .
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . --> a time machine , a journey bck t u childhood , wen cares melted away n da dark theatre , en films had the ability t mesmerize , astonish nd entertain .
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste . --> ii goes down easy , leavin virtually nah aftertaste .
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . --> knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately wnt t b quentin tarantino wen they grow upp .
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . --> a wildly erratic kdrama with sequences da make yuh wince en embarrassment and others , thx to d actors , thattt r quite touching .
offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen . --> offers absolutely nothin im had n't already seen .
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable . --> da movie e a lumbering load of hokum but ... ii 's at least watchable .
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . --> serving sara is lil more than a mall movie designed ta kill time .
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being . --> a mawkish self-parody tht plays lyk sum weiiiiird masterpiece theater sketch wid neither a point of view nor a compelling reason 4 bein .
trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? ' --> trapped presents a frightening aaand compelling ` wh if ? '
all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -lrb- sometimes hilarious -rrb- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . --> all right , soo ii 's naw a brilliant piece of filmmaking , be ii e a funny -lrb- somtime hilarious -rrb- comedy with a deft sence of humor abt itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . . . --> a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial 4 universal studios aaand its ancillary products . . .
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect --> henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides noo easy answers , buht offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . --> not since ghostbusters hs a film used manhattan 's architecture jn such a gloriously goofy waaay .
... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . --> ... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . --> ii may naw b a huge cut of above the r , bt im enjoyed barbershop .
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum . --> glazed wit a tawdry b-movie scum .
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story . --> the filmz occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , be ii ultimately satisfies with its movin story .
... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than -lrb- writer-director -rrb- franc . --> ... familiar nd predictable , nd 4\/5ths of ii might as wellllll ve cum fr a xerox machine rather than -lrb- writer-director -rrb- franc .
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . --> call ii magic realism orrr surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality wid a certain degree of wit aaand dignity .
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . --> this e as lax aaand limp a comedy as im 've seen n a while , a meander through worn-out material .
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life . --> da performances of d four main actresses bring dia characters t lifeee .
neatly constructed thriller . --> neatly constructed thriller .
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task . --> the emotion e impressively true for being so hot-blooded , en both leads r upp ta d task .
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . --> rife with d rueful , wry humour springing outttttt of yiddish culture and language .
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . --> rarely , indeed almost never , e such high-wattage brainpower coupled wif pitch-perfect acting aaand an exquisite , unfakable sence of cinema .
a lovably old-school hollywood confection . --> a lovably old-school hollywood confection .
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . --> ii never quite makes ii ta tha boiling point , bt manages t sustain a gd simmer for most of its runnin time .
one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . --> onew of da year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performa by julianne moore .
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? --> yy would anyones cast the magnificent jackie chan en a movie full of stunt doubles ang special effects ?
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction . --> ii 's surprisingly bland despite d heavy doses of weird performances nd direction .
if you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . --> if yo 're willing to ve fun w it , youu wo n't feel cheated by da high infidelity of unfaithful .
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . --> tha script is a disaster , wth cloying messages nd irksome characters .
but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . --> but it also cums wif d laziness andd arrogance of a thang that aready knows ii 's won .
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children . --> what 's rlly so appealing about d characters is their resemblance 2 everyday children .
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . --> da bottom line , at least jn my opinion , e imposter makes a betetr short story than ii does a filmz .
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too . --> wilco fans wil havr a great time , and d movie shuld win the band a few new converts , tooo .
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur . --> fails soooo fundamentally o every conventional level that ii achieves sum kind of goofy grandeur .
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant . --> nohe hs made a decent ` intro ' documentary , buht he feels like a spectator andd naw a participant .
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . --> although na pastry is violated , dis nasty comedy pokes fun n da sameee easy targets as otha rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- whithout much success .
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications . --> the movie e too amateurishly square ta make tha most of its own ironic implications .
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ... --> even as im valiantly struggled ta remain interested , orrr n least conscious , im culd feel ym eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in . --> a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling andd radiant compassion dat effortlessly draws chu en .
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown . --> watchin thiiisss gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man comeing 2 terms with time , ya barely realize ya mind e bein blown .
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation . --> hashiguchi uses da situation 2 evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . --> despite its sincere actin , signs e just another unoriginal runnn of tha mill sci-fi filmz wid a flimsy ending andd lots of hype .
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . --> making such a tragedy da backdrop to a luff story risks trivializing ii , thoee chouraqui no doubt intended da film 2 affirm love 's power ta help ppl endure almost unimaginable horror .
it 's a masterpeice . --> it 's a masterpeice .
incoherence reigns . --> incoherence reigns .
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention . --> the kdrama wos shoo uninspiring thattt even a story immersed i looove , lust , nd sin culd n't keep mi attention .
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances . --> disreputable doings and exquisite trappings r dampened by a lackluster script andd substandard performances .
works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience . --> works because reno does n't becum smug orrr sanctimonious towards tha audience .
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle . --> it cooks conduct jn a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? --> waow , soooooo who knew charles dickens could b soooooo light-hearted ?
-lrb- a -rrb- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . --> -lrb- a -rrb- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
... tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ... --> ... tara reid plays a college journalist , be she looks lyk the six-time winner of tha mis hawaiian tropic pageant , soooooo i do n't no whattt she 's doing i heree ...
this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . --> diss filmz can only point tha way -- bt thank goodness for dis signpost .
a major waste ... generic . --> a major waste ... generic .
see it . --> c ii .
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie . --> it 's no just a feel-good movie , ii 's a feel movie .
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions . --> the problematic characters n overly convenient plot twists foul upp shum 's good intentions .
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script . --> tres greek writer and star nia vardalos hs crafted here a worldly-wise aaand v funny script .
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . --> this is a film abt the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency thay remains utterly satisfied t remain d same throughout .
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . --> a deeply felt aaand vividly detailed story bout newcomers i a strange new world .
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . --> rlly e a pan-american movie , wth moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . --> ... plenty of warmth 2 go around , wit music ang laughter en da loce of family .
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious . --> this overlong infomercial , due outttttt o vid before month 's end , e tepid and tedious .
but how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery . --> bt hw ii washed out despite all of that e d project 's prime mystery .
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst . --> tha animated sequences r wellllll done en perfectly constructed 2 convey a sense of childhood imagination andd creating adventure out of angst .
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . --> diss cinema verite speculation o the assassination of john f. kennedy may hv been inspired by blair witch , buht ii takes its techniques into such fresh territory thay tha filmz never feela derivative .
-lrb- city -rrb- reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and ` analyze that , ' promised -lrb- or threatened -rrb- for later this year . --> -lrb- city -rrb- reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can b when he is nt more lucratively engaged i the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' -lrb- 1999 -rrb- n ` analyze thattt , ' promised -lrb- orrr threatened -rrb- 4 later this year .
fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd . --> fast aaand funny , an action cartoon dat 's suspenseful eugh for older kids bt nt tooooooo scary 4 da school-age crowd .
it 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary . --> ii 's soooooo tedious dat ii makes yo forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining ang , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary .
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat . --> watchin deez two actors play against each otha soooooo intensely , be with restraint , e a treat .
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . --> this e oooooneee of tha biggest disappointments of the year .
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . --> real-life strongman ahola lacks tha charisma en ability 2 carry tha filmz o hiz admittedly broad shoulders .
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1\/2 . --> a mimetic approximation of betetr films lyke contempt and 8 1\/2 .
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . --> nettelbeck hs crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emo , onew part romance novel , onew part recipe book .
it 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . --> ii 's jus hard t believe thattt a life lyke diss can sound soooo dull .
there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure . --> thwre e a welcome lack of pretension bout da film , which v simply sets outttttt t entertain and ends upp delivering n gd measure .
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . --> thwre 's nt a single jump-in-your-seat moment nd believe ii orrr nt , jason actually takes a backseat jn hiz own filmz t special effects .
as relationships shift , director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . --> as relationships shift , director robert j. siegel allows the characters t inhabit dey world whithout cleaving ta a narrative arc .
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit . --> nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humour throughout by takin ur expectations en twisting dem jst a bit .
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . --> heree the luv scenes all end i someone screamin .
a lot smarter than your average bond . --> a loooot smarter than yur average bond .
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli\/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds . --> a soul-stirring documentary bout tha israeli\/palestinian conflict as revealed thru d eyes of sum childrens who remain curious abt each otha against all odds .
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary . --> enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay . --> tooooooo many scenarios n which the hero might havr an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and tooo few thattt allow us 2 wonder 4 ourselves if things wil turn out oookay .
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . --> kiarostami hs crafted a deceptively casual ode t children en managed ta convey a tiny sence of hope .
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes . --> stale fisrt act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , sum v good'o comedic songs , strong finish , dum fart jokes .
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . --> thattt rare filmz whose real-life basis e , in fact , shoo interesting da na embellishment is needed .
for more than two decades mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity . --> 4 more than two decades mr. nachtwey has traveled ta places n tha world devastated by war , famine and poverty nd documented da cruelty andd suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried . --> n fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
superb production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot . --> superb production values & christian bale 's charisma make upp 4 a derivative plot .
visually striking and viscerally repellent . --> visually striking nd viscerally repellent .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . --> thoee intrepid n exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short jn showin us antonia 's true emo ... bt at d v least , hiz sekret lifeee wil leave chu thinkin .
stealing harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . --> stealing harvard does n't care abt cleverness , wit orrr any otha kind of intelligent humour .
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning . --> rarely hs a filmz 's title served such dire warning .
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . --> dripping wif cliche n bypassing noo opportunity 2 trivialize the material .
it 's an interesting effort -lrb- particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts -rrb- , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile . --> ii 's an interesting effort -lrb- particularly 4 jfk conspiracy nuts -rrb- , andd barry 's cold-fish act makes tha experience worthwhile .
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood . --> an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls . --> jus cause a walk to remember is shrewd nuff ta activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean ii 's goodd enuhh 4 our girls .
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . --> tha explosion essentially ruined -- orrr , rather , overpowered -- da fiction of d movie for mi .
the script is smart , not cloying . --> d script e smart , not cloying .
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche . --> its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . ' --> an uncluttered , resonant gem thay relays its universal points whithout lectures orrr confrontations . '
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being . --> depicts tha sorriest aaand most sordid of humen behavior on d screen , then laughs n hw clever ii 's bein .
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . --> o its icy faceeee , tha new filmz e a subzero version of monsters , inc. , whithout da latter 's imagination , visual charm orrr texture .
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . --> starts outttttt mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds 2 da bottom of d poooollll wth an utterly incompetent conclusion .
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . --> michele e a such a brainless flibbertigibbet da it 's hard t take her spiritual quest n all srsly .
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 ### centuries . --> the film falls short o tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things dat ve made the original new testament stories so compelling 4 20 ### centuries .
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run . --> da idea e more interesting than tha screenplay , which lags badly n da midd n lurches betwn not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics nd sum last-minute action strongly reminiscent of runnn lola runnn .
if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy ! --> if chu are willing 2 do dis , then you o crazy !
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right . --> thwre 's nothing exactly wrng heree , be theyr 's naw nearly enuhh thay 's right .
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an -lrb- emotionally at least -rrb- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . --> kim ki-deok sim to hav en mind an -lrb- emotionally n least -rrb- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep ii interested .
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . --> amid da new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one woyld be hard-pressed 2 fnk a movie wth a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .
brought to life on the big screen . --> brought ta lifeee o d big screen .
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch . --> if it 's naw entirely memorable , d movie e certainly easy t watch .
knows how to make our imagination wonder . --> knows hw t make our imagination wonder .
leaks treacle from every pore . --> leaks treacle fr every pore .
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world . --> d saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights aaand simmering violence , en da quiet american brings us ryt into da centre of that world .
the actors are fantastic . --> da actors are fantastic .
... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . --> ... a spoof comedy dat carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , somtime a guffaw nd , to m great pleasure , da occasional belly laugh .
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ... --> ... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . --> neither the funniest film thay eddie murphy nor robert de niro has every made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good'o while .
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful --> awesome workk : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . --> leaping from onew arresting image 2 another , songs from da second floor has all da enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream andd shoo manages t b compelling , amusing ang unsettling n d sameee time .
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery . --> intensely romantic , thought-provoking en even an engaging mystery .
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' succeeds through sincerity . --> faithful whithout bein forceful , sad whithout bein shrill , `` a walk ta remember '' succeeds throught sincerity .
a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career . --> a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career .
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets . --> does point tha way 4 adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does . --> schaeffer e n't i diss filmz , which may be wae ii works as wellllll as ii does .
it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity . --> ii e abt irrational , unexplainable lifeee n it sim soooo real bcause ii does no attempt t filter outttttt d complexity .
-lrb- breheny 's -rrb- lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . --> -lrb- breheny 's -rrb- lensing of d new zealand aaand cook island locations captures both da beauty of da land andd d pepl .
-lrb- an -rrb- absorbing documentary . --> -lrb- an -rrb- absorbing documentary .
if you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . --> if ur open urself upp t mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... ii can impart an almost visceral sence of dislocation and change .
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material --> oscar caliber cast does n't live upp to material
it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie . --> ii 's hard to imagine another director every making hiz wife look so bad in a major movie .
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . --> has enuhh gun battles n throwaway humor t cover up the yawning chasm whr d plot shuld b .
parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature . --> parris ' performance e credible ang remarkably mature .
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting . --> d filmz 's sence of imagery gives it a terrible strength , be ii 's propelled by the actin .
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . ' --> ` stock upp o silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a filmz . '
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke . --> tha casting of von sydow ... e itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .
exhilarating , funny and fun . --> exhilarating , funny nd fun .
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay . --> bean drops da ball too many times ... hoping d nifty premise wil create eugh interest t make upp 4 an unfocused screenplay .
michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ... --> michael moore 's latest documentary bout america 's thirst 4 violence e hiz best film yet ...
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . --> d tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing da star t play second fiddle ta the dull effects that allow tha suit ta cum ta lifeee .
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . --> n da one-hour mark , herzog simply runs outttttt of ideas and d pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa . --> nearly every attempt n humour heree is doa .
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns . --> ii 's a road-trip drama wid too many wrong turns .
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . --> everything jn maid n manhattan e exceedingly pleasant , designed no 2 offend .
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with . --> ourside the theatre roger might b intolerable company , bt inside ii he 's wellllll worth spending sum time with .
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid . --> enigma e well-made , but it 's jus tooooooo dry and too placid .
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . --> nt quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers woyld hve u believe , but ii more than adequately fills d eyes and stirs tha emo .
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof . --> eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms . --> takes u by the faceeee , strokes your cheeks nd coos beseechingly n yea : slow dwm , shake o ya tensions and take this plc n its own breezy , distracted rhythms .
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -lrb- 1984 -rrb- to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation . --> it 's a lang waaay from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -lrb- 1984 -rrb- to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , nd whet once wos conviction is now affectation .
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty . --> short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain 4 hiz dead mother via communication wth an ol woman str8 outttttt of eudora welty .
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play . --> smart , funny aaand juss honest nuff to provide tha pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average o - broadway play .
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . --> a photographic marvel of sorts , and ii 's certainly an invaluable record of da special fishy community .
... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . --> ... while tha humour aspects of ` jason x ' wrre far more entertaining than im had expected , everythang else bout da filmz tanks .
but not without cheesy fun factor . --> buht no whithout cheesy fun factor .
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? --> tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time e ii thwre ?
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . --> becomes d last thang ya wld expect from a filmz wth diss title orrr indeed fr any plympton filmz : boring .
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations . --> heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . --> last orders nurtures d multi-layers of its characters , allowing us 2 remember thay life 's ultimately a gamble n last orders are to b embraced .
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . --> d ony thing im laughed n wrre tha pple who paid 2 see it .
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained . --> da script , da gags , d characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and tht 's whr dis filmz should ve remained .
on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . --> on the evidence b4 us , tha awnser e clear : nt easily n , i da end , not wellllll enough .
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism . --> an awkwardly contrived exercise n magic realism .
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . --> each scene immediately succumbs t gravity en plummets t earth .
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel . --> assayas ' ambitious , somtime beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives . --> nothing buht oooooneee relentlessly depressing situation after another 4 its entire runnin time , something thay you culd easily b dealing with ryt now en yo lives .
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . --> the film just might turn o many peole 2 opera , i general , an art form n once visceral ang spiritual , wonderfully vulgar nd sublimely lofty -- ang as emotionally grand as lifeee .
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given . --> a straight-shooting famly filmz which awards animals the respect dey 've rarely been given .
... hokey art house pretension . --> ... hokey art house pretension .
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script . --> unfortunately da story nd d actors r served wif a hack script .
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . --> aaand thr 's da inimitable diaz , holdin it all together .
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . --> told i scattered fashion , the movie ony intermittently lives upp t da stories n faces ang music of d men who are its subject .
comes across as a fairly weak retooling . --> cums across as a fairly weak retooling .
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . --> onew of tha best films of da year wth its exquisite actin , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , nd many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , ang yearning .
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . --> da biiiig finish e a bit lik gettin all excited bout a chocolate eclair nd then biting into ii and finding the filling missing .
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . --> as saccharine movies go , thiiisss is likely 2 cause massive cardiac arrest if taken en large doses .
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ... --> the filmz vas immensely enjoyable thankies t great performances by both steve buscemi en rosario dawson ...
it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . --> ii 's quite an achievement 2 set aaand shoot a movie n d cannes film festival n yet fail 2 capture its visual appeal orrr its atmosphere .
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . --> apparently designed as a reverie abt memory and regret , bt da ony ting ur 'll regret e rememberin tha experience of sittin through ii .
it never rises to its clever what-if concept . --> ii neva rises to its clever what-if concept .
shallow , noisy and pretentious . --> shallow , noisy ang pretentious .
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces . --> demonstrates a vivid imagination ang an impressive style thattt result n some terrific setpieces .
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see . --> not a filmz 4 d faint of heart orrr conservative of spirite , bt 4 tha rest of us -- esp san francisco lovers -- ii 's a spirited filmz aaand a must-see .
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched . --> engages us jn constant fits of laughter , until we fnk ourselves surprised n hw much we care bout d story , and end upp walking out nt ony satisfied buht also somewhat touched .
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . --> a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to d familiar topic of office politics .
it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . --> ii 's prob worth catching solely o its visual merits .
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race . --> an enjoyable feel-good famly comedy regardless of race .
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . --> a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening o pbs than a night outttttt n an amc .
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna . --> a fine production wid splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , nd roberto alagna .
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied . --> ii may scream low budget , buht this charmer hs a spirit dat can no b denied .
- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . --> - style cross-country adventure ... ii hs sporadic bursts of liveliness , sum so-so slapstick ang a few ear-pleasing songs o its soundtrack .
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con . --> a polished ang vastly entertaining caper film za puts tha sting bsck into d con .
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some . --> do n't w8 ta see dis terrific filmz wif y kids -- if yea do n't ve kids borrow some .
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life . --> could as easily havr been called ` under siege 3 : en alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse thattt neva springs ta life .
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . --> cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging ii in a hoary looove triangle .
is it a comedy ? --> e it a comedy ?
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . --> as is often the case wit ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music vids , stuffs his debut w more plot than it can comfortably hold .
it does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . --> ii does n't make 4 great cinema , bt ii e interesting t see whr oooooneee 's imagination wil lead when given da opportunity .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . --> its and pieces of the hott chick r soooo hilarious , n schneider 's performa e soooo fine , ii 's a real shame za o much of the movie -- again , as in d animal -- e a slapdash mess .
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often . --> thiiisss e sandler running o empty , repeating wut he 's alrdy done way tooo often .
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? --> both exuberantly romantic nd serenely melancholy , wat time is ii thwre ?
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . --> ... a series of tales told wid da intricate preciseness of da best short story writin .
i walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like . --> im walked away no rlly know who `` they '' wrre , whattt `` hey '' looked like .
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you . --> d movie e genial but neva inspired , ang little bout ii wil stay wit you .
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ? --> wh happens when somthin goes bump n the nigjt andd nobody cares ?
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame . --> long o twinkly-eyed close-ups en short o shame .
familiar but utterly delightful . --> familiar bt utterly delightful .
the chocolate factory without charlie . --> d choco factory whithout charlie .
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor . --> may offend viewers nt amused by da sick sence of humour .
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece --> steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies . --> it made mee feel unclean , aaand im 'm tha gal who liked thr 's sumn about mary nd both american pie movies .
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold . --> complex , sinuously plotted en , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him . --> a loooot of d credit 4 the filmz 's winning tone must go to grant , who hs n't lost a bit of da dry humor that first made audiences o both sides of d atlantic luv him .
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour . --> d rare imax movie dat yu 'll wish vas longer than an hour .
if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it . --> if chu 're a comic fan , yea ca n't mis ii .
a marvel of production design . --> a marvel of production design .
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` besotted '' is misbegotten --> fr tha choppy editing to d annoying score to ` special effects ' by waaay of replacing objects jn a character 's hands below da camera line , `` besotted '' e misbegotten
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . --> a welcome relief fr baseball movies that try tooo hard to b mythic , thiiisss oooooneee e a sweet and modest en ultimately winning story .
from both a great and a terrible story , mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . --> fr both a great and a terrible story , mr. nelson hs made a filmz za e an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
consider it ` perfection . ' --> consider it ` perfection . '
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . --> affectionately reminds us tht , in any language , the huge stuff i life can usually b traced bck to tha little things .
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . --> if tha material is slight nd admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor throught hiz usa of the camera .
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on --> lyk tha tuck famly theirselves , this movie just goes o ang o n o n o
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't . --> ii shuld be doing a lot of things , buht does n't .
moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . --> moretti ... e da rare common-man artist who 's wise enuhh ta recognize za thwre r few things en diss world more complex -- aaand , as ii turns outttttt , more fragile -- than happiness .
... irritating soul-searching garbage . --> ... irritating soul-searching garbage .
a humorless journey into a philosophical void . --> a humorless journey into a philosophical void .
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens . --> none of dis sounds promising ang , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill fr a projector 's lens .
you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . --> yo can drive ryte by it whithout noticing anything special , save 4 a few comic turns , intended en otherwise .
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down . --> tha filmz 's thoroughly recycled plot en tiresome jokes ... drag the movie dwm .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill . --> d story gives ample opportunity 4 large-scale action aaand suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . ' --> were dylan thomas alive t witness first-time director ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted t change hiz landmark poem t , ` do not go gentille into da goood theatre . '
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ... --> d filmz ultimately offers nuffin more than ppl in an urban jungle needing otha ppe t survive ...
triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude . --> triple x e a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . --> wanders all over d mep thematically en stylistically , ang borrows heavily fr lynch , jeunet , nd von trier while failing ta fnk a spark of its own .
lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . --> lyne 's latest , d erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just hw far his storytelling skills hve eroded .
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird . --> a determined , ennui-hobbled slog thattt rlly does n't have much t say beyond the news flash thay loneliness can make ppl act weiiiiird .
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor . --> fails t satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills orrr inherent humour .
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . --> jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured aaand stylish workk of spare dialogue en acute expressiveness .
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story --> daughter fr danang sticks wif its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
the movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany\/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster . --> the movie 's captivating details r all i the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor 2 thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie aaand bettany\/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
quite frankly , i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . --> quite frankly , im ca n't see y any actor of talent wud ever workk en a mcculloch production again if dey looked n hw diss movie turnt outttttt .
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt . --> a lil more intensity nd a little less charm woyld hv saved diss filmz a world of hurt .
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . --> a rlly goood premise is frittered away en middle-of-the-road blandness .
a bit too eager to please . --> a bit tooo eager to pleaseeeee .
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard . --> sade achieves the near-impossible : ii turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is . --> ii sim impossible da an epic four-hour indian musical abt a cricket game culd b diss good , bt it e .
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . --> rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as ii does en trouble every dayy .
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 ### minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable . --> a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff thay drifts aimlessly 4 90 ### min b4 lodging in d cracks of za ever-growing category : unembarrassing buht unmemorable .
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness . --> funny aaand also heartwarming whithout stooping to gooeyness .
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater --> dis kiddie-oriented stinker e so bad thay im even caught da gum stuck under m seat tryn to sneak outttttt of the theater
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera . --> shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky o da screen , en we keep gettin torn away fr d compelling historical tale ta a less-compelling soap opera .
the story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge . --> d story passes time until it 's time 4 an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs en revenge .
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor --> imagine a scenario wer bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humour
he 's not good with people . --> he 's not gud wif ppl .
big mistake . --> big mistake .
aan opportunity wasted . --> aan opportunity wasted .
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt . --> y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , en quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . --> rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
it is quite a vision . --> it e quite a vision .
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . --> a stoopid , derivative horror filmz tht substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . --> d colour sense of stuart lil 2 is its most immediate andd most obvious pleasure , bt ii wud count for v lil if tha movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated n tone as ii e .
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message . --> downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers homee a heavy-handed moralistic message .
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . --> less a study in madness orrr luv than a study en schoolgirl obsession .
the pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners . --> the pairing does sound promising jn theory ... be their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro en showtime look like oll , familiar vaudeville partners .
you come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . --> yuh cum away thinkin naw ony thay kate is n't v bright , be da she has n't been worth caring about n thattt mybe she , janine aaand molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional famly -- deserve one another .
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck . --> if u 're lookin 4 somthin new ang hoping 4 somethin entertaining , youu 're n luck .
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart . --> a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
cool . --> cool .
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . --> da filmz boasts dry humor aaand jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes . --> beautiful , angry and sad , w a curious sick poetry , as if da marquis de sade had gone en 4 pastel landscapes .
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . --> morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent jn international cinema .
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . --> gal gets girl , gal loses g , audience falls asleep .
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front . --> thr r so few films abt da plight of american indians n modern america thattt skins cums as a welcome , if downbeat , missive fr a forgotten front .
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . --> depressingly thin en exhaustingly contrived .
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious . --> bluer than d atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , tha movie ... e , also , frequently hilarious .
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly . --> bouquet gives a performa da e masterly .
it 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows . --> ii 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows .
there 's a lot to recommend read my lips . --> there 's a loooot t recommend read m lips .
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls --> im 'd rather watch a rerun of tha powerpuff girls
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot . --> this submarine kdrama earns d ryt ta b favorably compared t das boot .
the only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . --> tha ony q ... e 2 determine hw wellllll d schmaltz is manufactured -- t assess tha quality of da manipulative engineering .
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . --> it 's impossible t even categorize thiiisss as a smutty guilty pleasure .
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts . --> maintains yor interest until the end and even leaves yo with a few lingering animated thoughts .
the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . --> da movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , orrr of us .
britney spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . --> britney spears ' phoniness e nun compared t da movie 's contrived , lame screenplay andd listless direction .
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . ' --> tha movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to da phrase ` fatal script error . '
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable . --> devos aaand cassel hav tremendous chemistry -- their sexual en romantic tension , while neva rlly vocalized , is palpable .
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season . --> ... bout as exciting 2 watch as two last-place bball teams playin onew another on the final dayy of the season .
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . --> terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who cums ta america speaking naw a wrd of english , ii 's kidman who holds tha filmz together wit a supremely kittenish performa tht gradually accumulates more layers .
he fails . --> he fails .
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . --> dis new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is da stuff of high romance , brought o with considerable wit .
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . --> nicolas cage is n't the fisrt actor ta lead a group of talented friends astray , and diss movie wo n't create a ruffle in wahat e alrdy an erratic career .
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate . --> ii 's dark be hs wonderfully funny moments ; youo care abt d characters ; aaand the action aaand special effects are first-rate .
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . --> jeong-hyang lee 's filmz e deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie . --> the bodily function jokes r bout what ur 'd expect , be thr r rich veins of funny stuff n this movie .
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . --> for a filmz abt action , ultimate x e tha gabbiest giant-screen movie every , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but . --> ii 's a solid movie abt ppe whose lives are anything but .
one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album . --> oooooneee ca n't shake da feelin that crossroads is nun more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial 4 britney 's latest album .
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . --> visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican en burns its kahlories with conviction .
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience . --> high crimes steals soooo freely from other movies andd combines enough disparate types of films that ii ca n't help buht engage an audience .
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . --> it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless ang ugly .
if you can read the subtitles -lrb- the opera is sung in italian -rrb- and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie . --> if yu can read d subtitles -lrb- the opera e sung in italian -rrb- aaand yo lik ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi . --> a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
simply a re-hash of the other seven films . --> simply a re-hash of da other seven films .
hmmm ... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? --> hmmm ... might im suggest thay tha wayward wooden one end ii all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . --> a playful iranian parable bout openness , particularly tha nid 4 ppe of diverse political perspectives 2 get along despite dia ideological differences .
death might be a release . --> death might b a release .
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity . --> tha movie 's messages r quite admirable , bt the story is jst too clichéd and too often strains credulity .
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . --> a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving andd cheerfully simplistic 88 min of exaggerated action put together with d preteen voy jn mind .
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable . --> as ex-marine walter , who may orrr may nt hv shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry e perfectly creepy n believable .
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating . --> the production design , score n choreography are simply intoxicating .
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less . --> d result puts a humen faceeee o derrida , n makes one of tha great minds of our times interesting aaand accessible 2 peole who normally culd n't care less .
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . --> the filmz e way too full of itself ; ii 's stuffy andd pretentious en a give-me-an-oscar kind of wayy .
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other . --> according t da script , grant n bullock 's characters are made 4 each otha .
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came . --> da pict uses humour nd a heartfelt conviction t tell a story about discovering ya destination in lifeee , bt also acknowledging tha places , nd the peole , fr whence yhu came .
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . --> a perf example of rancid , well-intentioned , bt shamelessly manipulative movie makin .
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . --> a movie version of a paint-by-numbers pic .
lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . --> lux , nw n her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother andd subject -- taking us thru a filmz tht e part biography , part entertainment aaand part history .
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling . --> a stylish buht steady , en ultimately v satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept . --> d feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . --> d characters , cast en impossibly contrived situations , r totally estranged fr reality .
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . --> a small independent filmz suffering fr a severe case of hollywood-itis .
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound . --> an exercise en cynicism every bit as ugly as d shabby digital photography n muddy sound .
ken russell would love this . --> ken russell woyld luv dis .
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool . --> hs all tha scenic appeal of a cesspool .
they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . --> they can en wil turn o a dime fr oddly humorous 2 tediously sentimental .
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . --> claire is a terrific role 4 some1 liek judd , who rlly ought 2 b playin villains .
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera . --> kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . --> its message hs merit aaand , i the hands of a brutally honest individual lyke prophet jack , might havr made a point orrr two regarding lifeee .
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse . --> sex is oooooneee of those films za aims to confuse .
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on . --> first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness t define hiz hero 's background orrr motivations becomes more and more frustrating as tha filmz goes o .
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon . --> salma goes native n she 's never been betta jn thiiisss colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . --> humen nature is a goofball movie , en d wayy da malkovich vas , buht ii tries too hard .
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . --> da asylum material is gripping , as r the scenes of jia wth hiz famly .
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed . --> a literary detective story e stillll a detective story n aficionados of d whodunit wo n't b disappointed .
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . --> d soundtrack alone e worth da price of admission .
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out . --> ii sounds liek another clever if pointless excursion into da abyss , and that 's more orrr less how ii plays out .
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . --> d filmz hs tha high-buffed gloss aaand high-octane jolts yhu expect of de palma , bt what makes ii transporting is thay it 's also one of tha smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie looove t cum fr an american director n years .
sly , sophisticated and surprising . --> sly , sophisticated en surprising .
-lrb- kline 's -rrb- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it . --> -lrb- kline 's -rrb- utterly convincing -- nd deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , nd as a flawed humen bein who ca n't quite live upp to it .
more trifle than triumph . --> more trifle than triumph .
it 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before . --> ii 's hard to believe dese jokers are supposed ta have pulled o four similiar kidnappings b4 .
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote . --> murphy aaand wilson acttually make a pretty good team ... buht the project surrounding em e distressingly rote .
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . --> da screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks da wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of tha premise , makin da proceedings more bizarre than acttually amusing .
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness . --> im hope da movie e widely seen ang debated wit appropriate ferocity andd thoughtfulness .
she may not be real , but the laughs are . --> she may naw b real , be tha laughs r .
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . --> clumsy , obvious , preposterous , da movie wil likely set d cause of woman warriors back decades .
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . --> a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy thay takes an astonishingly condescending cattitude toward women .
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . --> scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation e achingly honest nd delightfully cheeky .
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . --> chu can sip ur vintage wines and watch ur merchant ivory productions ; im 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea ang a jerry bruckheimer flick any dayy of tha wk .
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . --> diss e tha kind of movie whr tha biiiig scene e a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . --> both garcia n jagger turn i perfectly executed n wonderfully sympathetic characters , who r alternately touching aaand funny .
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit . --> many went t see d attraction 4 d sole reason thay ii wos hott outside andd thwre wes airrr conditioning inside , en im do n't think that a.c. wil help this movie one bit .
you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . --> you 'll trudge out of the theatre feelin as thoee you rode d zipper after eatin a corn dogg nd an extra-large cotton candy .
crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . --> crudup 's screen presence e tha onew ting thay holds interest in da midst of a mushy , existential exploration of yy men leave their families .
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one . --> no everyone wil welcome orrr accept tha trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , bt few can argue dat da debate ii joins e a necessary ang timely onew .
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . --> by surrounding us w hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism en homophobia , n a fresh waaay .
... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . --> ... somehow manages t escape tha shackles of its own clichés ta be the best espionage plc t cum out i weeks .
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ? --> a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie thattt broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck en heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ?
alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes . --> alas , ii 's da man that makes d clothes .
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails . --> wen tha fire burns outttttt , we 've ony cum face-to-face with a couple dragons en da 's whr da filmz ultimately fails .
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal . --> this often-hilarious farce manages t generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy whithout sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
the pianist is polanski 's best film . --> da pianist e polanski 's best filmz .
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did . --> yhu feel goood , yu feel sad , yuh feel pissed off , be en da end , yuh feel alive - which e what nem dd .
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . --> klein , charming i comedies lyke american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of d saddest action hero performances every witnessed .
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . --> fr d dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
utter mush ... conceited pap . --> utter mush ... conceited pap .
despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script . --> despite its hawaiian setting , da science-fiction trimmings and sum moments of rowdy slapstick , d basic plot of `` lilo '' culd hav been pulled fr a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences . --> gooding e the energetic frontman , nd it 's hard t resist his enthusiasm , even if tha filmmakers cum upp wit ntn original in d wayy of slapstick sequences .
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . --> ... d whole thing succeeded ony en makin me groggy .
just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . --> just wen you think dat every posible angle hs been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges wif yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch . --> think of ii as gidget , ony wid muscles n a lottle more smarts , bt just as endearing and easy 2 watch .
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . --> grant carries d dayy with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm andd piercing intellect .
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . --> a frustrating ` tweener ' -- tooo slick , contrived andd exploitative for d art houses andd tooooooo cynical , small ang decadent 4 d malls .
predictably soulless techno-tripe . --> predictably soulless techno-tripe .
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . --> da filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at da expense of character until things fall apart .
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . --> it 's incredible da number of stories da holocaust hs generated .
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots . --> the movie keeps comeing bck ta the achingly unfunny phonce and hiz several silly subplots .
the film 's most improbable feat ? --> da filmz 's most improbable feat ?
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers . --> tha charm of revolution os e rather da waaay ii introduces yu to new , fervently held ideas nd fanciful thinkers .
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . --> thr e na substitute 4 on-screen chemistry , nd wen friel pulls the strings dat make williams sink into melancholia , tha reaction i williams e as visceral as a gut punch .
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . --> there r sum fairly unsettling scenes , but dey neva succeed in rlly rattling tha viewer .
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . --> possibly the most irresponsible picture every released by a major film studio .
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects . --> tha characters r paper thin aaand tha plot e soooooo cliched and contrived thay ii makes ya least favour james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as d usual suspects .
a crisp psychological drama -lrb- and -rrb- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode . --> a crisp psychological kdrama -lrb- aaand -rrb- a fascinating lil thriller za woyld hve been perf 4 an oll `` twilight zone '' episode .
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country . --> there is simply na doubt thattt diss film asks d rightt questions n da righ time i d history of our country .
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . --> time stands stillll in more ways that oooooneee in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as ii is interminable .
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . --> a dark , quirky rd movie thay constantly defies expectation .
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . --> mr. spielberg andd hiz company just want yu t enjoy yourselves whithout feelin conned .
what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -lrb- dark green , to be exact -rrb- , sour , bloody and mean . --> wut da audience feels e exhaustion , from watching a movie za e dark -lrb- dark green , t be exact -rrb- , sour , bloody andd mean .
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival . --> mr. polanski is i hiz element heree : alone , abandoned , bt stillll consoled by hiz art , which e more than he hs ever reveale before about tha source of hiz spiritual survival .
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism . --> a devastating indictment of unbridled greed nd materalism .
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . --> it feels lik v light errol morris , focusing o eccentricity bt failing , ultimately , ta make smth bigger outttttt of its scrapbook of oddballs .
it 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s . --> ii 's full of cheesy dialogue , bt great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to hiz pulpy thrillers of tha early '80s .
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . --> diggs en lathan r among da chief reasons brown sugah e such a sweet en sexy film .
but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . --> be diss new jangle of noise , mayhem ang stupidity must b a serious contender 4 the title .
darkly funny and frequently insightful . --> darkly funny ang frequently insightful .
formuliac , but fun . --> formuliac , bt fun .
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . --> theyr 's sum goood material in their story bout a retail clerk wantin more outttttt of lifeee , be tha movie tooooooo often spins its wheels wid familiar situations andd repetitive scenes .
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -lrb- jason bourne -rrb- . --> damon brings tha proper conviction t his role as -lrb- jason bourne -rrb- .
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy . --> the movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
and yet , it still works . --> nd yet , ii stillll works .
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt ! --> ii squanders chan 's uniqueness ; ii culd even be said ta squander jennifer looove hewitt !
... a light , yet engrossing piece . --> ... a light , yet engrossing piece .
really quite funny . --> really quite funny .
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . --> pretty much sucks , but hs a funny moment orrr two .
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy . --> a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance --> diaz wears outttttt her welcome jn her most charmless performa
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . --> d actors improvise n scream dia way around thiiisss movie directionless , lacking any of d rollicking dark humour shoo necessary ta make thiiisss kind of idea wrk o screen .
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . --> tha off-center humour e a constant , nd da ensemble gives ii a buoyant delivery .
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here . --> nearly all the fundamentals you take 4 granted n most films r mishandled heree .
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences . --> an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' e a visual treat 4 all audiences .
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . --> a lottle of talent e wasted n this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . --> saddled wid an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , bt d payoff is powerful n revelatory .
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale . --> an engaging criminal romp da wil ve viewers guessing jst who 's being conned righ upp t da finale .
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line . --> an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists tryn t create something original against d backdrop of a corporate music industry that ony sim to care abt the bottom line .
kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious . --> kaufman 's script e neva esp clever aaand often e rather pretentious .
it celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . ' --> it celebrates d group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly bck n wahat hibiscus grandly called hiz ` angels of light . '
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six . --> lyk comin into a long-running , well-written tele series where you 've missed da fisrt half-dozen episodes aaand probably wo n't c the nxt six .
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . --> its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling en gratitude .
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . --> although ii includes a fair share of dum drug jokes nd predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than ii would seem 2 have any righ 2 b .
-lrb- the film -rrb- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful . --> -lrb- da filmz -rrb- tackles tha topic of relationships n such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner za by da end , ii 's impossible ta ascertain whether d filmz e , n its core , deeply pessimistic orrr quietly hopeful .
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . --> da filmz e weighed dwm by supporting characters who are either tooooooo goodly , wise n knowing orrr downright comically evil .
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . --> it 's a visual rorschach test en im must hav failed .
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema . --> an uncomfortable experience , buht one as brave aaand challenging as you culd possibly expect dese fay fr american cinema .
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . --> the huskies are beautiful , da border collie e funny en da overall feelin e genial and decent .
charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy . --> charming aaand witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances . --> amari hs dressed upp dis lil parable i a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments aaand memorable performances .
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . --> w mcconaughey n an entirely irony-free zone ang bale reduced mainly t batting hiz sensitive eyelids , there 's not nuff intelligence , wit orrr innovation o tha screen to attract ang sustain an older crowd .
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . --> a vivid , spicy footnote t history , and a movie that grips en holds ayu i rapt attention from start 2 finish .
... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . --> ... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece za works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . --> despite juliet stevenon 's attempt t bring cohesion to pamela 's emosh roller coaster lifeee , ii e nt enough t give d filmz tha substance ii soo desperately needs .
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . --> this filmz is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation o d nature of compassion .
it all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out . --> ii all plays outttttt ... liek a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out .
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time . --> whut w all da blanket statements and dime-store ruminations o vanity , da worries of the rich nd sudden wisdom , d filmz becomes a sermon 4 most of its runnin time .
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime . --> wildly incompetent buht brilliantly named half past dead -- orrr for seagal pessimists : totally past hiz prime .
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . --> those eternally devoted ta d insanity of black wil hav an intermittently goood time .
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . --> tha pretensions -- aaand disposable story -- sink da movie .
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . --> she nearly glows wid enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
and for many of us , that 's good enough . --> and 4 many of us , tht 's gud nuff .
meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . --> meyjes ... has done his hw aaand soaked upp sum jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
poetic , heartbreaking . --> poetic , heartbreaking .
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . --> a memorable experience that , lyke many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped upp i hiz own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . --> as an actress , madonna e onew helluva singer .
the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . --> the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram tooo many ingredients into one small pot .
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . --> jst as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , heree cums the fisrt lousy gal ritchie imitation .
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal . --> da direction hs a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer n cam ` ron seal da deal .
a film that will enthrall the whole family . --> a filmz za wil enthrall da whole famly .
it just does n't have anything really interesting to say . --> ii just does n't hav anything rlly interesting to say .
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . --> much of the lady and tha duke e bout quiet , decisive moments betwn members of tha cultural elite as they determine how 2 proceed as tha world implodes .
while you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet , you 're a jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' --> while you hv to admit ii 's semi-amusing t watch robert deniro belt outttttt `` whn yah 're a jet , yiu 're a jet all the wayy , '' ii 's equally distasteful to watch him sing d lyrics 2 `` tonite . ''
a quaint , romanticized rendering . --> a quaint , romanticized rendering .
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home . --> filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously fr the cockettes ' camera craziness -- naw ony dd nem filmz performances , buht dey dd d sameee n homee .
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice . --> as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide aaand prejudice .
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films . --> a lil too ponderous t workk as shallow entertainment , naw remotely incisive eugh ta qualify as kdrama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet oooooneee 's appetite 4 tha bollywood films .
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita . --> a movie dat tha less charitable might describe as a castrated cross betwn highlander ang lolita .
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . --> seagal , who looks more lik danny aiello these fay , mumbles hiz waaay throught d movie .
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . --> a full experience , a loce story n a murder mystery that expands into a meditation o tha deep deceptions of innocence .
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? --> hw do youu make a movie wid depth bout a man who lacked any ?
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing . --> fudges fact andd fancy wid such confidence that we feel as if we 're seein summn purer than the real thng .
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . --> the cast e top-notch en im predict thwre wil b plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . --> sandra bullock nd hugh grant make a great team , bt diss predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
it 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage . --> ii 's all stitched together w energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style . --> soo muddled , repetitive n ragged thay ii says far less bout tha horrifying historical reality than bout the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
a faster paced family flick . --> a faster paced famly flick .
`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . --> `` analyze tht '' e one of those crass , contrived sequels za not ony fails on its own , bt makes you second-guess ya affection 4 d original .
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . --> fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton 4 some very good'o actin , dialogue , comedy , direction aaand esp charm .
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths . --> da quirky kdrama touches da heart en d funnybone thanx to da energetic n allways surprising performa by rachel griffiths .
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché . --> im 'm sure tha filmmakers found dis a remarkable and novel concept , bt ayebody who has every seen an independent film can report thay ii is instead a cheap cliché .
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . --> en its understanding , often funny wayy , ii tells a story whose restatement e validated by da changing composition of the nation .
let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . --> let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films bout inspirational prep-school professors ang the childrens they o heartwarmingly motivate .
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted . --> tiresomely derivative n hammily acted .
i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . --> i walked away from diss new version of e.t. jus as im hoped im would -- wth moist eyes .
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety . --> wut shuld ve been a cutting hollywood satire is instead bout as fresh as last wk 's issue of variety .
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . --> tha filmz does a solid job of slowly , steadily building upp 2 tha climactic burst of violence .
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death . --> tha heart of d filmz is a touching reflection on aging , suffering nd the prospect of death .
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . --> the notion of deleting emotion fr ppe , even n an advanced prozac nation , e shoo insanely dysfunctional da the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food . --> puts ta r any thought that the german filmz industry can not make a delightful comedy centering o food .
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . --> with the dogg fay of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as d cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable . --> noo amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects r ` german-expressionist , ' according 2 da press notes -- can render ii anything be laughable .
a well-executed spy-thriller . --> a well-executed spy-thriller .
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension . --> lisa rinzler 's cinematography may b lovley , buht looove liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just lang enuhh 2 achieve callow pretension .
the trailer is a riot . --> da trailer is a riot .
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell . --> this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
alas , getting there is not even half the interest . --> alas , gettin thwre e nt even half da interest .
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness . --> a chilly , brooding buht quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension n unhappiness .
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable . --> the result e somewhat satisfying -- ii stillll cums from spielberg , who hs neva made anything that wos n't at least watchable .
i 'll go out on a limb . --> im 'll go outttttt on a limb .
deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film . --> deflated ending aside , thr 's much 2 recommend da filmz .
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . --> sheridan e painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference betwn dum fun and jst plain dum .
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . --> as improbable as diss premise may seem , abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense tht o sum elemental level , lilia deeply wnts 2 break free of her oll lifeee .
maybe leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . '' --> maybe leblanc thought , `` hey , tha movie bout da baseball-playing monkey vas worse . ''
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre . --> gives an intriguing twist ta the french coming-of-age genre .
he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . --> he nonetheless appreciates tha art andd reveals a music scene tht transcends culture aaand race .
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . --> escapes da precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into da story v real , complicated emo .
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . --> full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , wth sum glimpses of nature en famly warmth , time out e a discreet moan of despair abt entrapment jn d maze of modern lifeee .
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith 's next movie . --> a naturally funny filmz , home movie makes yea crave chris smith 's nxt movie .
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention --> director hoffman , his writer n kline 's agent shuld serve detention
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script . --> da quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan nd mary-louise parker help overcome da problematic script .
it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . --> it 's a mindless action flick wit a twist -- far betta suited 2 video-viewing than tha multiplex .
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . --> as an entertainment destination 4 da general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark 4 lameness .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . --> graced with d kind of social texture aaand realism that wld b foreign n american teen comedies .
-lrb- allen -rrb- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . --> -lrb- allen -rrb- manages t breathe life into thiiisss somewhat tired premise .
the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project . --> d truth about charlie e that ii 's a brazenly misguided project .
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . --> wit lil visible talent aaand nah energy , colin hanks e jn bad nid of major actin lessons ang mybe a little coffee .
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . --> diss movie feel more liek a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
exhilarating but blatantly biased . --> exhilarating bt blatantly biased .
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama . --> a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key andd quietly inspirational lil sports kdrama .
rarely , a movie is more than a movie . --> rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know . --> hw diss onew escaped da lifetime network im 'll never nuh .
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits . --> t sum eyes dis will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . --> less funny than ii shuld b and less funny than ii thinks it e .
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . --> an achingly enthralling premise , da film e hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen . --> d innate theatrics that provide its thrills n extreme emo lose dey luster when flattened onscreen .
a gentle and engrossing character study . --> a gentille andd engrossing character study .
sluggish , tonally uneven . --> sluggish , tonally uneven .
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing . --> ultimately , d film amounts t bein lectured ta by tech-geeks , if yah 're upp 4 da sort of thang .
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold . --> da filmz is undone by anachronistic quick edits aaand occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watchin da events unfold .
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . --> wh culd hve easily becum a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds upp a powerful and deeply movin example of melodramatic moviemaking .
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features . --> russell lacks da visual panache , da comic touch , nd perhaps da budget of sommers 's title-bout features .
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai -lrb- of all places -rrb- served jews who escaped the holocaust . --> sum remarkable achival film abt hw shanghai -lrb- of all places -rrb- served jews who escaped the holocaust .
`` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . --> `` interview '' loses its overall sence of mystery andd becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary dat u acttually buy into .
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . --> an old-fashioned be emotionally stirring adventure tale of d kind nem rarely make anymore .
intelligent and moving . --> intelligent and movin .
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals . --> a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
it 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . --> ii 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive 4 a filmz abt a teen en luv with hiz stepmom .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . --> tha narrator aaand the otha characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , be she 's never seen speaking o stge ; onew feels cheated , n esther sim 2 remain an unchanged dullard .
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . --> time outttttt e existential kdrama whithout any of the pretension associated with tha term .
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest . --> guilty of the worst sin of attributable ta a movie like dis : ii 's no scary jn tha slightest .
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . --> peppering thiiisss urban study wth references 2 norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates jn maelstrom a world wer d bizarre e credible ang d real turns magical .
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . --> elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by diss gentille comedy .
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie . --> kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , nd room noise , n lan yu e a disarmingly lived-in movie .
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards . --> maryam e a small filmz , be it offers large rewards .
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . --> ya-yas everywhere wil forgive tha flaws n luv tha filmz .
a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch . --> a stylistic romp thattt 's allways fun t watch .
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell . --> ya can tell almost immediately thay welcome t collinwood e n't goin t jell .
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . --> a shimmeringly lovley coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy . --> its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies r undermined by the movie 's presentation , which e wayy too stagy .
there 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film . --> thwre 's a heavy stench of ` been thwre , done that ' hanging over the filmz .
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ... --> an affectionately goofy satire dat 's unafraid to throwg elbows wen necessary ...
but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti --> bt neva mind all thay ; da boobs r fantasti
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it --> n every opportunity t do somthin clever , the filmz goes right over da edge en kills every sence of believability ... all youuu ve lefft e a no-surprise series of explosions ang violence while banderas looks lyke he 's not tryn to laugh at hw bad ii
stress ` dumb . ' --> stress ` dum . '
katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it . --> katz 's documentary does n't hve much panache , but wit material diss rich ii does n't need it .
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . --> deadly dull , pointless meditation o losers i a gone-to-seed hotel .
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty . --> huppert n girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
where 's the movie here ? --> whr 's the movie heree ?
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . --> an unsophisticated sci-fi kdrama that takes itself all tooooooo srsly .
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around . --> whether diss e art imitating lifeee orrr lifeee imitating art , ii 's an unhappy situation all around .
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that . --> it does n't take a rocket scientist t figure outttttt za this is a mormon famly movie , nd a sappy , preachy one n da .
this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . --> dis makes minority report necessary viewing 4 sci-fi fans , as tha filmz hs sum of da best special effects every .
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material . --> if you rlly wnt to understand wahat this story is rlly all about , yui 're far betetr served by the source material .
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds . --> swimmin is above all abt a young woman 's faceeee , and by casting an actress whose faceeee projects tht woman 's doubts andd yearnings , ii succeeds .
mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . --> mattei 's underdeveloped effort heree is nuffin be a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities tht parade abt as if they wrre comeing bck fr stock character camp -- a drowsy kdrama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . --> ` the war of tha roses , ' trailer-trash style .
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact . --> da powerpuff girls arrive o da biiiig screen w their super-powers , dey super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
originality is sorely lacking . --> originality e sorely lacking .
it trusts the story it sets out to tell . --> ii trusts the story ii sets outttttt 2 tell .
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect . --> da filmz hs a kind of hard , cold effect .
strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . --> strip ii of all its excess debris , and chu 'd ve a 90-minute , four-star movie .
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans -lrb- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -rrb- , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . --> while there 's likely v lil crossover appeal ta those whithout much interest n tha elizabethans -lrb- as wellllll as rank frustration fr those jn da knooow abt rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -rrb- , much ado abt something is an amicable endeavor .
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? '' --> did we rlly nid a remake of `` charade ? ''
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid . --> stevens hs a flair 4 dialogue comedy , tha filmz operates nicely o da element of surprise , en d large cast e solid .
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . --> the mystery of enigma is hw a rich historical subject , combined with soooooo much first-rate talent ... could hav yielded such a flat , plodding pic .
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . --> all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn e hilarious as she tries ta resuscitate tha fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside d conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick . --> throughout , mr. audiard 's direction e fluid n quick .
the observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony . --> tha observations of diss social\/economic\/urban environment r canny ang spiced wif irony .
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -lrb- it -rrb- stimulating depth . --> while insomina is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral nd cinemantic flair lends -lrb- it -rrb- stimulating depth .
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos . --> undoubtedly da scariest movie every made about tattoos .
... in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . --> ... jn the pile of useless actioners fr mtv schmucks who do n't knw hw 2 tell a story for more than four mins .
watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . --> watchin a brian depalma movie e like watchin an alfred hitchcock movie after drinkin twelve beers .
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon --> ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
time out is as serious as a pink slip . --> time outttttt e as serious as a pink slip .
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art . --> tykwer 's surface flash e n't jst a poor fett wif kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; ii completely contradicts everythang kieslowski 's workk aspired to , including da condition of art .
-lrb- creates -rrb- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . --> -lrb- creates -rrb- the worst kind of mythologizing , d kind da sacrifices real heroism ang abject suffering for melodrama .
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . --> director tom shadyac en star kevin costner glumly mishandle d story 's promising premise of a physician who needs 2 heal himself .
a tremendous piece of work . --> a tremendous piece of work .
as an actor 's showcase , hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . --> as an actor 's showcase , hart 's war hs much 2 recommend ii , even if tha top-billed willis e not d most impressive player .
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . --> a pretty funny movie , with most of tha humour coming , as b4 , fr tha incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal en de niro .
there 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us . --> thr 's smth poignant bout an artist of 90-plus years takin the effort t share hiz impressions of lifeee en loss nd time and art wif us .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . ' --> our culture e headd dwm tha toilet w da ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and im knooow this bcz i 've seen ` jackass : d movie . '
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy . --> moonlight mile does n't quite go da distance be da cast e impressive aaand they all give lifeee to dese broken characters who are tryin ta make dia wayy thru diss tragedy .
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone . --> american n european cinema hs amassed a vast holocaust literature , bt ii e impossible t think of any filmz more challenging orrr depressing than the grey zone .
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue . --> d script e tooo mainstream aaand d psychology too textbook t intrigue .
if you recognize zeus -lrb- the dog from snatch -rrb- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . --> if yu recognize zeus -lrb- the dog fr snatch -rrb- ii wil make youo wish ya wrre n homee watchin dat movie instead of jn tha theater watchin this one .
wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many . --> wilco e a phenomenal band wid such an engrossing story that wil capture da minds nd hearts of many .
though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . --> thoee nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , d filmz maintains a beguiling serenity ang poise thattt make ii accessible 4 a non-narrative feature .
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . --> parker updates tha setting in an attempt to make d filmz relevant 2day , without fully understanding what ii vas tht made the story relevant jn the fisrt place .
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep . --> thiiisss movie may not have da highest production values yea 've every seen , bt ii 's da workk of an artist , onew whose view of america , history andd tha awkwardness of humen lifeee e generous andd deep .
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results . --> brings together sum of da biggest names i japanese anime , wif impressive results .
woefully pretentious . --> woefully pretentious .
mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . --> mattei o completely loses himself 2 da filmz 's circular structure t every offer any insightful discourse on , wellllll , luff i the time of money .
-lrb- leigh -rrb- has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -lrb- improvised over many months -rrb- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable . --> -lrb- leigh -rrb- has a true talent 4 drawing wrenching performances from hiz actors -lrb- improvised over many months -rrb- aaand for conveying the wayy tiny acts of kindness make ordinary lifeee survivable .
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading . --> director douglas mcgrath takes o nickleby with all tha halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boi delving into required reading .
godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks . --> godard uses hiz characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . --> thwre 's plenty t enjoy -- en na small part thankies to lau .
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth . --> gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller aaand drag audience enthusiasm t crush depth .
no surprises . --> nah surprises .
the film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . --> tha filmz e soo bad ii does n't improve upon d experience of starin n a blank screen .
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . --> a stylish cast ang some clever scripting solutions help chicago make tha transition from stge 2 screen with considerable appeal intact .
conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences . --> conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... whr the characters ' moves r often more predictable than dia consequences .
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . --> an effective portrait of a lifeee jn stasis -- of da power of inertia ta arrest development en a dead-end existence .
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break . --> nights feela more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... ii 's nt even a tv special yui 'd bother watchin past the second commercial break .
blue crush is as predictable as the tides . --> blue crush e as predictable as da tides .
we 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments . --> we 're left with a story that tries 2 grab us , ony ta keep lettin go n all tha wrng moments .
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow . --> da subtitled costume drama e set i a remote african empire b4 cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , be the politics da thump throught ii r as timely as tomorrow .
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . --> with minimal imagination , yuh culd restage tha whole ting jn u bathtub .
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay . --> juz consider what new best frnd does no havr , beginning w da minor omission of a screenplay .
instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? --> instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death 4 the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , wae naw invite sum genuine spontaneity into the film by having d evil aliens ' laser guns actully hitt sumn for once ?
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema . --> brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice jn african-american cinema .
their computer-animated faces are very expressive . --> their computer-animated faces r very expressive .
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . --> no ony is ii hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , bt ii also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doin 2 us : it preaches .
the acting is n't much better . --> d acting e n't much betta .
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s . --> a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden luff , racial tension , and other issues thay r as valid todays as they wrre in the 1950s .
another best of the year selection . --> another best of the year selection .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional . --> the filmz runs on a lil longer than ii needs to -- muccino either does n't notice whn hiz story ends orrr juss ca n't tear himself away fr the characters -- be ii 's smooth andd professional .
it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . --> ii 's juz too bad da screenwriters eventually shoot theirselves in tha feets wit cop flick cliches lik an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups nd da requisite screamin captain .
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda . --> its one-sidedness ... flirts wid propaganda .
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . --> d overall effect e awe nd affection -- n a strange urge t get o a board and , uh , shred , dood .
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . --> the underworld urban angst e derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver nd goodfellas , buht this filmz speaks 4 itself .
` synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree . --> ` synthetic ' e d best description of thiiisss well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise 4 a high-powered star pedigree .
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . --> da filmz proves unrelentingly grim -- n equally engrossing .
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash . --> tooooooo clumsy i key moments ... t make a big splash .
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . --> a small gem of a movie dat defies classification en e as thought-provoking as ii e funny , scary n sad .
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . --> da château woyld ve been benefited fr a sharper , cleaner script b4 ii went in front of d camera .
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . --> ... quite goood at providing some goood oll fashioned spooks .
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . --> arliss howard 's ambitious , movin , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad luv , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself dat oooooneee can forgive d filmz its flaws .
` the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . ' --> ` tha château e neva quite able to overcome da cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous en contrived plot . '
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . --> jn thattt setting , dey struggle e simply too ludicrous nd borderline insulting .
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! --> im m naw generally a huge fan of cartoons derived fr tv shows , bt hey arnold !
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds . --> literary purists may naw b pleased , buht as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , ii does a bang-up job of pleasing tha crowds .
it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' . --> ii 's rare t see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive fr `` promising '' to `` interesting '' t `` familiar '' b4 landing squarely o `` stoopid '' .
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs . --> a wild ride of a movie za keeps throwing fastballs .
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . --> tunney , brimming wif coltish , neurotic energy , holds d screen lyk a true star .
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness . --> d actresses find dey own rhythm and protect each otha fr da script 's bad ideas n awkwardness .
romething 's really wrong with this ricture ! --> romething 's rlly wrng wit thiiisss ricture !
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film . --> an uninspired preachy andd clichéd war filmz .
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . --> el crimen del padre amaro woyld likely be most effective if used as a tool 2 rally anti-catholic protestors .
a processed comedy chop suey . --> a processed comedy chop suey .
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 ### . --> rouge e less abt a superficial midlife crisis than it e abt the nid 2 stay in touch with yor own skin , n 18 orrr 80 ### .
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness . --> part of the charm of satin rouge e thay ii avoids da obvious wth humour en lightness .
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . --> its story bout a young chinese woman , ah na , who hs come ta new york city 2 replace past tragedy wth d american dream e oooooneee that any art-house moviegoer e likely t fnk compelling .
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no. 1 ### a worthwhile moviegoing experience . --> great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no. 1 ### a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . --> bt that dey r doin it is thought-provoking .
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is . --> d filmz has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , nd ii 's neither as funny nor as charming as ii thinks ii e .
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines . --> d screenplay flounders under da weight of tooo many story lines .
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . --> an improvement o the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania tht havr preceded it .
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . --> manages t pleaseee its intended audience -- childrens -- whithout placing dey parents i a coma-like state .
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . --> whet starts o as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked w pungent flowers .
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it . --> serving sara should b served an eviction notice at every theatre stuck wit ii .
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . --> wut 's hard t understand is y ayebody picked ii upp .
a winning and wildly fascinating work . --> a winning n wildly fascinating work .
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . --> blue crush e soo prolonged andd boring ii is n't even closeeee to bein tha barn-burningly bad movie ii promised it woyld b .
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . --> 4 once , a movie does naw proclaim the truth abt two love-struck somebodies , buht permits dem time aaand space 2 convince us of that all o their own .
-lrb- fincher 's -rrb- camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller . --> -lrb- fincher 's -rrb- camera sence n assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . --> bt while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet e truly gorgeous ta behold .
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally . --> theyr must be an audience that enjoys da friday series , but im woyld n't b interested en knowing any of em personally .
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being . --> sum fine actin , but ultimately a movie wth na reason 4 bein .
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . --> ang if yo appreciate tha one-sided theme 2 lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock urself outttttt andd enjoy da biiiig screen postcard dat e a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .
it 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought . --> ii 's consistently funny , i an irresistible junior-high wayy , nd consistently free of any gag da wld force you 2 give ii a millisecond of thought .
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting . --> ii 's definitley nt made 4 kids orrr dey parents , 4 that matter , and im think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may fnk ii uninteresting .
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content . --> things rlly get weiiiiird , thoee nt particularly scary : the movie is all portent aaand no content .
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not . --> a properly spooky filmz bout d power of spirits 2 influence us whether we believe in dem orrr naw .
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . --> drawing o an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals d ways en which a sultry evening orrr a beer-fueled afternoon in da sun can inspire even da most retiring heart ta venture forth .
there 's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is --> thwre 's absolutely no reason y blue crush , a late-summer surfer gurl entry , shuld b as entertaining as it e
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life --> mike leigh populates hiz movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters thay bring the routine dayy ta dayy struggles of d working class t life
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin . --> contains a few biiiig laughs be many more tht graze tha funny bone or mis ii altogether , n part bc da consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .
transforms one of -lrb- shakespeare 's -rrb- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . --> transforms onew of -lrb- shakespeare 's -rrb- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie . --> successfully blended satire , high camp en yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies . --> a sweet-tempered comedy thay forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny tht passes 4 humour jn soooooo many teenage comedies .
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication . --> an elegant filmz wit often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté aaand sophistication .
even better than the first one ! --> even betta than d fisrt oooooneee !
i ca n't recommend it . --> im ca n't recommend ii .
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . --> poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films . --> more of the sameee from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which e gd news 2 anyone who 's fallen under d sweet , melancholy spell of dis unique director 's previous films .
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today . --> allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers makin moving pictures todays .
by-the-numbers yarn . --> by-the-numbers yarn .
on the granger movie gauge of 1 ### to 10 ### , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . --> o d granger movie gauge of 1 ### 2 10 ### , tha powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically n a grade-school audience .
those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . --> those who trek t d ` plex predisposed ta lik ii probs will enjoy theirselves .
an ambitious ` what if ? ' --> an ambitious ` wut if ? '
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there . --> whn a movie hs stuck around 4 this lang , yui know theyr 's sumn theyr .
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me . --> nuffin wrng with performances heree , be da whiney characters bugged mi .
it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring . --> it 's a boring movie bout a boring mane , made watchable by a bravura performa from a consummate actor incapable of bein boring .
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . --> a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie da effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- da prison flick andd d fight filmz .
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective . --> the lady and da duke e a smart , romantic kdrama thattt dares 2 depict da french revolution fr d aristocrats ' perspective .
even if you 've seen `` stomp '' -lrb- the stage show -rrb- , you still have to see this ! --> even if yu 've seen `` stomp '' -lrb- d stage show -rrb- , youu stillll have 2 c dis !
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . --> thiiisss familiar rise-and-fall tale e lang o glamour and short o larger moralistic consequences , though ii 's told wif sharp ears en eyes for the tenor of da times .
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations . --> d ensemble cast turns n a collectively stellar performa , and d writin e tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
while not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original . --> while not all thay bad of a movie , ii 's nowhere near as good as tha original .
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . --> as broad aaand cartoonish as the screenplay e , thwre e an accuracy of observation n the wrk of d director , frank novak , that keeps d filmz grounded en an undeniable social realism .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff . --> its use of tha thriller form to examine tha labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross ang change , buffeted by events seemingly out of dia control , e intriguing , provocative stuff .
a less-than-thrilling thriller . --> a less-than-thrilling thriller .
would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement . --> would 've been nice if da screenwriters had trusted audiences t understand a complex story , ang left o tha filmz 's predictable denouement .
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment . --> the hard-to-predict en absolutely essential chemistry betwn the down-to-earth bullock ang d nonchalant grant proves t b sensational , ang everythang meshes en dis elegant entertainment .
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war . --> sum of d most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` savin private ryan '' hve been recreated by john woo in dis little-known story of native americans en dia role i d second great war .
morton deserves an oscar nomination . --> morton deserves an oscar nomination .
you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . --> chu 'll jus ve y head en u hands wondering y lee 's character did n't juz go t a bank manager andd save everyone d misery .
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . --> by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative en vainglorious .
it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . --> it 's kind of sad that so many people put shoo much time andd energy into diss turkey .
-lrb- davis -rrb- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters . --> -lrb- davis -rrb- wnts ta cause hiz audience an epiphany , yet he refuses ta give us real situations andd characters .
it all looks and plays like a $ 40 ### million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer . --> it all looks and plays lik a $ 40 ### million version of a game youuu 're more likely ta enjoy o a computer .
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest . --> van wilder hs a built-in audience , buht only among those who are drying outttttt from spring break aaand r stillll unconcerned abt what they ingest .
forget the psychology 101 ### study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore . --> forget da psychology 101 ### study of romantic obsession aaand jst watch d procession of costumes n castles aaand diss wo n't seem lik such a bore .
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work . --> ii 's too harsh to workk as a piece of storytelling , bt as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate dat 's been given da drive of a narrative nd za 's been acted out -- tha believer e ntn less than a provocative piece of workk .
there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . --> thwre 's nah excuse 4 following up a delightful , well-crafted famly filmz wid a computer-generated cold fish .
a very capable nailbiter . --> a v capable nailbiter .
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud . --> onew scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor wid a sickening thud .
a witty , whimsical feature debut . --> a witty , whimsical feature debut .
`` -lrb- hopkins -rrb- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . --> `` -lrb- hopkins -rrb- does n't soo much fone i his performance as fax ii .
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine . --> a movin nd stark reminder za d casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . --> no big whoop , nun new to c , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make 4 a bad filmz .
wedding feels a bit anachronistic . --> wedding feela a bit anachronistic .
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness . --> ii 's lyke rocky andd bullwinkle on sped , bt za 's neither completely enlightening , nor does ii catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park -lrb- as well as one , ms. mirren , who did -rrb- , has succeeded beyond all expectation . --> schepisi , aided by a cast za sim 2 include every top-notch british actor who dd not appear jn gosford park -lrb- as wellllll as one , ms. mirren , who did -rrb- , hs succeeded beyond all expectation .
this movie got me grinning . --> this movie got me grinning .
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem . --> a haunting tale of murder ang mayhem .
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . --> weighted dwm wid slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat actin .
me without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . --> mi whithout ayu hs a bracing truth tht 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pics lyk divine secrets of tha ya-ya sisterhood .
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here . --> consummate actor barry hs done excellent wrk heree .
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood . --> a decent-enough nail-biter za stands a good'o chance of being da biiiig hitt franklin needs ta stay afloat in hollywood .
... the plot weaves us into a complex web . --> ... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . --> tooo infuriatingly quirky ang taken w its own style .
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine . --> tha most opaque , self-indulgent andd jst plain goofy an excuse for a movie as youo can imagine .
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . --> d scorpion king e more fun than conan da barbarian .
he has a great cast and a great idea . --> he hs a great cast en a great idea .
`` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ... --> `` sweet homee alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date filmz ...
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time . --> even whn there r lulls , tha emotions seem authentic , and d pic e soooo lovley toward d end ... ur almost do n't notice d 129-minute runnin time .
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . --> diaz , applegate , blair n posey r suitably kooky which shld appeal to women ang hey strip dwm often enough 2 keep men alert , if not amused .
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be . --> sure , it 's contrived ang predictable , but its performances r o well tuned da tha film comes o winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it 2 b .
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . --> sadly , full frontal plays lik the workk of a dilettante .
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance . --> runs o tha pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' . --> tha tuxedo vas n't just bad ; ii vas , as ym frnd david cross wld call ii , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' .
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -lrb- aliens come to earth -rrb- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion . --> shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -lrb- aliens cum t earth -rrb- en infuses ii into a rustic , realistic , ang altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
`` spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . --> `` spider-man e better than any summer blockbuster we had ta endure last summer , en hopefully , sets the tone 4 a summer of good stuff .
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant . --> da filmz e visually dazzling , d depicted events dramatic , funny en poignant .
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here . --> ... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , shoo uneven , o dam unpleasant tht im ca n't believe any viewer , young orrr oll , wud hve a goodd time heree .
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight . --> lyk many western action films , dis thriller e tooooooo loud nd thoroughly overbearing , bt its heartfelt concern abt north korea 's recent past nd south korea 's futur adds a much needed moral weight .
a charmer from belgium . --> a charmer fr belgium .
it 's not only dull because we 've seen -lrb- eddie -rrb- murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed . --> ii 's nt ony dull cuss we 've seen -lrb- eddie -rrb- murphy do da genial-rogue shtick ta death , be bc the plot e equally hackneyed .
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold . --> even during tha climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom neva takes hold .
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community . --> a movie tht sends ya outttttt of tha theatre feelin liek yu 've actually spent time livin i another community .
pipe dream does have its charms . --> pipe dream does havr its charms .
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer . --> if you 're part of her targeted audience , yiu 'll cheer .
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . --> crush could be the worst film a man hs made bout women since valley of da dolls .
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . --> it 's v beavis andd butthead , yet alwayz sim 2 elicit a chuckle .
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' never were . --> solaris e rigid en evasive en ways da soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` outttttt of sight '' en `` ocean 's eleven , '' never wrre .
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary . --> a modestly made but profoundly movin documentary .
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . --> ... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , outttttt of character nd logically porous action set pieces .
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . --> fessenden continues 2 do interesting work , n it woyld b nice ta c wh he culd make wid a decent budget .
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . --> as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as tha title character .
frank capra played this story straight . --> frank capra played dis story straight .
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible --> control-alt-delete simone as quickly as posible
nevertheless , it still seems endless . --> nevertheless , ii stillll sim endless .
there 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title . --> there 's a persistent theatrical sentiment en a woozy quality to the manner of d storytelling , which undercuts da devastatingly tellin impact of utter loss personified jn da filmz 's simple title .
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . --> mel gibson fights d goodd fight en vietnam jn director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick w a core of decency .
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . --> for a filmz da 's bein advertised as a comedy , sweet homee alabama is n't as funny as yea 'd hoped .
`` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . --> `` barbershop '' e a good-hearted ensemble comedy w a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . --> thoee lan yu lacks a sence of dramatic urgency , tha film makes up 4 it wit a pleasing verisimilitude .
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . --> dis hastily mounted production exists only t capitalize o hopkins ' inclination ta play hannibal lecter again , even thoee harris hs noo immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . --> fortunately , elling neva gets tooooooo cloying thz t da actors ' perf comic timing nd sweet , genuine chemistry .
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . --> buht it hs an ambition to say somethin bout its subjects , but naw a willingness .
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . --> pleasee , some1 , stp eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . --> sheridan had a wonderful account t work from , buht , curiously , he waters it dwm , turning grit nd vulnerability into light reading .
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . --> despite its faults , gangs excels i spectacle ang pacing .
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . ' --> a loud , low-budget en tiard formula filmz that arrives cloaked en d euphemism ` urban kdrama . '
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . --> lovingly photographed i tha manner of a golden book sprung ta lifeee , stuart lil 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . --> provides a satisfactory overview of da bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express dia own views .
flat , misguided comedy . --> flat , misguided comedy .
it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . --> ii 's been done b4 buht neva o vividly or w o much passion .
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . --> berling ang béart ... continue ta impress , n isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill en gettin under the skin of her characters .
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination . --> serious movie-goers embarking upon thiiisss journey will fnk tht da rd ta perdition leads ta a satisfying destination .
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . --> thiiisss overproduced piece of dreck e shockingly bad ang absolutely unnecessary .
there are moments of hilarity to be had . --> thwre are moments of hilarity t be had .
it 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb . --> ii 's hard to imagine anyones managing t steal a movie no only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal buht also fr accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls o da feat wit aplomb .
i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies ! --> im neva thought im 'd say diss , buht i 'd much rather watch teens poking dey genitals into fruit pies !
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . --> im suspect diss e d kind of production za wld hv been funnier if the director had released tha outtakes theatrically ang used the film as a bonus feature o da dvd .
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them . --> it offers a glimpse of d solomonic decision facing jewish parents n those turbulent times : to save dey childrens aaand yet t lose dem .
the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod . --> da filmz jolts da laughs fr da audience -- as if by cattle prod .
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . --> plodding , poorly written , murky andd weakly acted , d pic feels as if everyone makin ii lost dey movie mojo .
elegant , mannered and teasing . --> elegant , mannered nd teasing .
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -lrb- and -rrb- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . --> ... plays lyke a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -lrb- and -rrb- da director ca n't seem 2 get a coherent rhythm goin .
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why . --> there r flaws , be also stretches of impact n moments of awe ; we 're wrapped upp n tha characters , hw dey make dey choices , en why .
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . --> by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , ang , yeaa , even sexy , neva again e a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too . --> nt the great american comedy , but if youu liked tha previous movies i da series , youu 'll hav a good'o time wit thiiisss onew tooo .
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . --> kapur 's contradictory feelings about hiz material result jn a movie tht works against itself .
but they fascinate in their recklessness . --> but nem fascinate jn dia recklessness .
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist . --> a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , da workk of a genuine en singular artist .
this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned . --> thiiisss e an action movie wit an action icon who 's been all be decommissioned .
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance . --> worth catching 4 griffiths ' warm and winning central performa .
` cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about --> ` cq may oooooneee day b fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going o to other films thattt actully tell a story worth caring abt
who cares ? -rrb- . --> who cares ? -rrb- .
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . --> neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant andd comedically labored .
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . --> an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel thay e rarely seen on-screen .
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it . --> tha first q ta ask bout bad company e wae anthony hopkins e jn ii .
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality . --> an intelligent romantic thriller of a v old-school kind of quality .
it 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . --> ii 's difficult to feel anything much while watchin thiiisss movie , beyond mild disturbance orrr detached pleasure n the actin .
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . --> a distinctly mixed bag , tha occasional bursts of sharp writin alternating w lots of sloppiness n tha obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . --> a b-movie ayu can sit throught , enjoy o a certain level n then forget .
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . --> a fascinating , dark thriller thattt keeps you hooked on d delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse . --> enjoyably dum , sweet , en intermittently hilarious -- if ur 've a taste 4 d quirky , steal a glimpse .
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . --> thwre 's a great deal of corny dialogue aaand preposterous moments .
williams absolutely nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness . --> williams absolutely nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . --> curiously , super troopers suffers bcz it does n't hve enuhh vices 2 merit its 103-minute length .
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . --> as exciting as all diss exoticism might sound 2 d typical pax viewer , tha rest of us wil b lulled into a coma .
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through . --> watch barbershop again if you 're en need of a cube fix -- thiiisss e n't worth sittin thru .
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating . --> an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges fr anything remotely probing orrr penetrating .
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire . --> certain to b distasteful to childrens and adults alike , eight crazy nights e a total misfire .
i have n't laughed that hard in years ! --> im hve n't laughed that hard in years !
sorvino is delightful in the central role . --> sorvino is delightful en the central role .
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . --> a gracious , eloquent filmz dat by its end offers a ray of hope t the refugees able ta look ahead and resist livin jn a past forever lost .
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day . --> wat a great wayy 2 spend 4 units of yo dayy .
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . --> a passionately inquisitive filmz determined ta uncover the truth aaand hopefully inspire action .
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right . --> both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable filmz in its own righ .
and vin diesel is the man . --> and vin diesel e tha man .
just a kiss is a just a waste . --> jus a kiss is a juz a waste .
murder by numbers just does n't add up . --> murder by numbers jst does n't add upp .
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new . --> all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted nd obvious kdrama that tells us nothin new .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -lrb- as well as a serious debt to the road warrior -rrb- , but it feels like unrealized potential --> this e popcorn movie fun wid equal doses of action , cheese , ham ang cheek -lrb- as wellllll as a serious debt t da road warrior -rrb- , but it feela lyk unrealized potential
in death to smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . --> in death t smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear andd a smyle , jst sneers and bile , aaand tha spectacle e nothin short of refreshing .
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening . --> an uneven mix of dark satire en childhood awakening .
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . --> the movie e abt as humorous as watchin your favorite pet get buried alive .
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . --> bears e even worse than im imagined a movie every culd b .
dramatically lackluster . --> dramatically lackluster .
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day . --> made eddie murphy a movie star ang d man hs n't aged a dayy .
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . --> diss is an undeniably intriguing filmz fr an adventurous young talent who finds hiz inspiration on the fringes of d american underground .
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . --> yesshhh , mibii is rote wrk and predictable , be w a philosophical visual comeing right n the end dat extravagantly redeems it .
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle . --> their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- ii 's jus a weird fizzle .
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams . --> all da characters r clinically depressed n have abandoned dey slim hopes ang dreams .
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality . --> tartakovsky 's team hs sum freakish powers of visual charm , buht d five writers slip into d modern rut of narrative banality .
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . --> a gently funny , sweetly adventurous filmz tht makes youuu feel genuinely gud , that e t say , entirely unconned by false sentiment orrr sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span . --> tries tooo hard ta b funny jn a wayy that 's tooooooo loud , tooooooo goofy andd tooo short of an attention span .
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc . --> d obnoxious title character provides the kdrama tht gives added clout t this doc .
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary . --> yea emerge dazed , confused as ta whether ur 've seen pornography or documentary .
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all . --> lucy 's a dull girl , za 's all .
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . --> sensitive ensemble performances nd goodd period reconstruction add upp to a moving tragedy with sum buoyant humen moments .
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . --> directed whithout d expected flair orrr imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs juss bout every cliche in tha war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . --> ii looks closely , insightfully n fragile , complex relationships .
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . --> d story has sum nice twists but the ending aaand sum of d back-story e a lil tiard .
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche . --> is an inexpressible aaand drab wannabe lookin 4 that exact niche .
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . --> d mothman prophecies , which e mostly a bore , sim 2 exist ony 4 its climactic setpiece .
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . --> spirite is a visual treat , nd ii takes chances dat r bold by studio standards , buht ii lacks a strong narrative .
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt . --> this is oooooneee of d rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney filmz da e actully funny whithout hitting below the belt .
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . --> 4 almost d fisrt two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , im wes entranced .
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . --> ... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . --> an unremittingly ugly movie t look n , listen t , n think bout , ii e quite possibly tha sturdiest example yet of yy the dv revolution hs cheapened da artistry of makin a filmz .
enticing and often funny documentary . --> enticing aaand often funny documentary .
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary . --> but onew thang 's 4 sure : it never cums close to bein either funny or scary .
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . --> d movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances ang its nid to reassure .
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . --> whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk wos lang , intricate , star-studded andd visually flashy , interview wif da assassin draws its considerable power fr simplicity .
the komediant is a tale worth catching . --> da komediant e a tale worth catching .
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . --> da holes n diss filmz remain agape -- holes punched throught by an inconsistent , meandering , and somtime dry plot .
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia . --> worth seeing juss 4 weaver en lapaglia .
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 ### minutes . --> ii follows tha blair witch formula 4 an hour , n which we 're told summn creepy n vague e en tha works , en then it goes awry en d final 30 ### min .
an encouraging effort from mccrudden --> an encouraging effort from mccrudden
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . --> i vas amused and entertained by da unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , en greatly impressed by the skill of d actors involved jn tha enterprise .
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . '' --> such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , da yale grad who previously gave us `` tha skulls '' en last year 's `` rollerball . ''
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama . --> initially gripping , eventually cloying pow kdrama .
this is not a jackie chan movie . --> this is no a jackie chan movie .
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . --> chamber of secrets wil find millions of eager fans .
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 ### years ago . --> lacks d visual flair n bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips andd e content to recycle images n characters thay wrre already tiard 10 ### years ago .
a timid , soggy near miss . --> a timid , soggy near mis .
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration . --> a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller thattt stops short of true inspiration .
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness . --> a quiet family kdrama w a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . --> smith examines da intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live n unusual homes -- which pop upp i nearly every corner of the country .
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . --> im admire it and yet can not recommend it , because ii overstays its natural runnin time .
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic . --> thoroughly engrossing ang ultimately tragic .
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down . --> im can analyze diss movie n three words : thumbs friggin ' dwm .
if only it were , well , funnier . --> if only ii wrre , wellllll , funnier .
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . --> ii e messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious nd absurd .
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work . --> fr its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled bt ultimately life-affirming finale , martin e a masterfully conducted wrk .
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . --> charly cums o as emotionally manipulative andd sadly imitative of innumerable past luff story derisions .
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party . --> kung pow seems lik some futile concoction za was developed hastily after oedekerk n hiz fellow moviemakers got throught crashing a college keg paty .
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary . --> its premise e smart , but the execution e pretty weary .
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . --> an engrossing iranian filmz bout two itinerant teachers and sum lost aaand desolate people dey encounter n a place wer war hs savaged da lives and liberties of tha poor ang d dispossessed .
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience --> 4 those 4 whom the name woody allen wes once a guarantee of smth fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending e a depressing experience
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . --> somewhere inside da mess thattt e world traveler , thr is a mediocre movie trying to get outttttt .
first and foremost ... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . --> fisrt n foremost ... da reason to go c `` blue crush '' is tha phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus . --> connoisseurs of chinese filmz wil b pleased to discover tht tian 's meticulous talent hs no withered during his enforced hiatus .
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -lrb- harris -rrb- brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman . --> gaunt , silver-haired aaand leonine , -lrb- harris -rrb- brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit aaand cunning to da aging sandeman .
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation . --> lefft mi wif da visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire ang desperation .
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentimental . --> d problem with the bread , my sweet e dat ii 's far too sentimental .
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration . --> combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption aaand regeneration .
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny . --> loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . --> d main characters r simply named d husband , the wife andd the kidnapper , emphasizing da disappointingly generic nature of d entire effort .
a movie to forget --> a movie to forget
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . --> rife wth nutty cliches n far too much dialogue .
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . --> starts outttttt with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing nd alluring premise , only to fall prey t a boatload of screenwriting cliches za sink ii faster than a leaky freighter .
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 's i 'm the one that i want . --> a raunchy andd frequently hilarious follow-up to da gifted korean american stand-up 's im 'm da one thattt im want .
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration . --> a completely spooky piece of business thay gets under u skin nd , sum plot blips aside , stays thwre for da duration .
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . --> an artful yet depressing filmz thay makes a melodramatic mountain outttttt of the molehill of a missing bike .
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie . --> da movie ends wid outtakes jn which most of da characters forget dia lines and jst utter ` uhhh , ' which is betta than most of the writin n tha movie .
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will . --> if that does n't clue youuu en thay sumn 's horribly wrng , nuffin wil .
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . --> this loud andd thoroughly obnoxious comedy abt a pair of squabbling working-class spouses e a deeply unpleasant experience .
it 's not an easy one to review . --> ii 's naw an easy one 2 review .
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . --> ultimately , en tha history of the academy , pepul may b wondering wh all thay jazz wes bout `` chicago '' en 2002 .
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life . --> tha film hs a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel 4 tha character n all stages of her life .
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . --> wht makes barbershop soooo likable , with all its flaws , is tht ii hs none of the pushiness en decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . --> dis is 4 da most part a useless movie , even w a great director n da helm .
-lrb- reaches -rrb- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair . --> -lrb- reaches -rrb- wholly believable aaand heart-wrenching depths of despair .
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture . --> da filmz fearlessly gets under tha skin of d pepul involved ... diss makes ii naw ony a detailed historical document , buht an engaging en movin portrait of a subculture .
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either . --> for a movie abt tha power of poetry nd passion , there e precious lil of either .
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire . --> unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
... a true delight . --> ... a true delight .
an awful snooze . --> an awful snooze .
does n't really add up to much . --> does n't rlly add upp t much .
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . --> an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters en believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime kdrama .
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome . --> a new filmz from bill plympton , tha animation master , e a welcome .
watching `` ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale . --> watchin `` ending '' is tooo often liek lookin over the outdated clothes andd plastic knickknacks n your neighbour 's garage sale .
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge . --> cox offers plenty of glimpses n existing photos , be theyr r no movies of nijinsky , shoo instead d director treats us ta an aimless hodgepodge .
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . --> its weighty themes r tooo grave 4 youngsters , buht tha story is tooooooo steeped in fairy tales andd otha childish things t appeal much t teenagers .
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters . --> ntn happens , n ii happens to flat characters .
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion . --> leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more abt its characterization of hitler nd d contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
`` white oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material . --> `` white oleander , '' da movie , e akin t a reader 's digest condensed version of tha source material .
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky . --> high kdrama , disney-style - a wing nd a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing hiz castle in d sky .
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ... --> schnieder bounces around wit limp wrists , wearin tight tummy tops ang hip huggers , twirling hiz hair o his finger ang assuming za 's eugh t sustain laughs ...
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . --> a wonderfully speculative character study za made upp for its rather slow beginning by drawing mee into the plc .
it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough . --> it 's da kind of movie dat , aside fr robert altman , spike lee , da coen bros andd a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series . --> the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes fr da star wars series .
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way . --> the wrk of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get outttttt of hiz own wayy .
the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . --> d problem is thattt van wilder does lil dat e acttually funny wif d material .
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild . --> no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild .
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard . --> cums o lik a bad imitation of the bard .
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste . --> the sweetest thng leaves an awful sour taste .
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . --> ii 's a great american adventure andd a wonderful filmz to bring ta imax .
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . --> resembles a soff porn brian de palma pastiche .
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . --> a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession da spends a bit tooo much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film . --> da sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent filmz .
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff . --> hollywood hs taken quite a nosedive fr alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight 2 shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . --> diss e standard crime kdrama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . --> eyre e on hiz wayy ta becoming d american indian spike lee .
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . --> en questioning tha election process , payami graphically illustrates da probs of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sence of freedom the iranian pple alrdy possess , w orrr whithout access 2 da ballot box .
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . --> thwre 's a scientific law ta be discerned here thattt producers woyld b wellllll t heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as d action speeds upp ; whn da explosions start , hey fall t pieces .
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . --> borstal voy represents da worst kind of filmmaking , tha kind that pretends t b passionate n truthful but e rlly frustratingly timid n soggy .
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . --> soo genial e the conceit , diss is oooooneee of those rare pictures thay yo root 4 throughout , dearly hoping tht d rich promise of the script wil b realised o the screen .
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them . --> da ony entertainment u 'll derive from thiiisss choppy andd sloppy affair wil b fr unintentional giggles -- several of dem .
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . --> da gud girl e a filmz en which the talent is undeniable buht d results r underwhelming .
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . --> more of da same oll garbage hollywood has been tryin ta pass o as acceptable teen entertainment 4 some time nw .
amazingly dopey . --> amazingly dopey .
the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it --> tha craist allegory does n't work cuzz thr is noo foundation 4 ii
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . --> romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- thattt simply feel wrng .
combines improbable melodrama -lrb- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -rrb- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched . --> combines improbable melodrama -lrb- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -rrb- wif subtly kinky bedside vigils aaand sensational denouements , n yet n tha end , we r undeniably touched .
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works . --> chu do n't need t b a hip-hop fan ta appreciate scratch , n da 's da mark of a documentary da works .
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid . --> im 'm naw sure which half of dragonfly e worse : d part wer nun 's happenin , orrr tha part whr somthin 's happening , be ii 's stupid .
writer\/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . --> writer\/director david caesar ladles o da local flavour wth a hugely enjoyable filmz bout changing times , clashing cultures nd tha pleasures of a well-made pizza .
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . --> d journey ta tha secret 's eventual discovery e a seperate adventure , andd thrill eugh .
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . --> roman polanski directs d pianist lik a surgeon mends a broken heart ; v meticulously but whithout any passion .
it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -lrb- aniston -rrb- has always needed to grow into a movie career . --> ii 's soulful ang unslick , aaand dat 's apperntly jst wh -lrb- aniston -rrb- hs allways needed ta grow into a movie career .
like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . --> like blended shades of lipstick , deez components combine into oooooneee terrific story with lots of laughs .
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower . --> devos delivers a perf performa da captures tha innocence nd budding demons within a wallflower .
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ... --> hs lost sum of d dramatic conviction that underlies da best of comedies ...
tells a fascinating , compelling story . --> tells a fascinating , compelling story .
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . --> liek a comedian who starts o promisingly buht then proceeds ta flop , comedian runs outttttt of steam after a half hour .
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation . --> one of those films wer da characters inhabit tht special annex of hell wer adults behave lik kids , children behave liek adults aaand everyone screams at da top of dia lungs no matter whet d situation .
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking . --> devotees of star trek ii : tha wrath of khan wil feel a nagging sence of deja vu , andd tha grandeur of da best nxt generation episodes e lacking .
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom . --> beautifully reclaiming d story of carmen nd recreating ii an i an african idiom .
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . --> da punch lines thay mis , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being . --> michel piccoli 's movin performance e diss films reason 4 bein .
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . --> read mi lips e to be viewed and treasured 4 its extraordinary intelligence and originality as wellllll as its lyrical variations o the game of love .
those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere . --> those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's lifeee wld do betta elsewhere .
yes , soar . --> yes , soar .
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention . --> as banal as the tellin may b -- en at times , all ym loved ones more than flirts w kitsch -- da tale commands attention .
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work . --> although frailty fits into a classic genre , n its script en execution ii is a remarkably original wrk .
naipaul fans may be disappointed . --> naipaul fans may b disappointed .
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . --> attal pushes tooooooo hard to make dis a comedy orrr serious kdrama .
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . --> poignant ang moving , a walk ta remember e an inspirational love story , capturing d innocence n idealism of tht fisrt encounter .
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris . --> in any case , im wud recommend biiiig bad looove ony to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .
... by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over . --> ... by tha time ii 's done wth us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy wid d delight of discovery , of having been immersed en a foreign culture only t fnk za humen nature e pretty much tha same all over .
if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way . --> if thr 's a heaven 4 bad movies , deuces wild e o its way .
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans . --> a huge box-office hit jn korea , shiri is a must 4 genre fans .
clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . --> clint eastwood 's blood work e a lot lyke a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting noo real surprises -- be stillll quite tasty n inviting all da same .
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . --> da thang abt guys lyk evans is thiiisss : chu 're neva quite sure where self-promotion ends n d truth begins .
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent . --> im found myselff growing more andd more frustrated en detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism . --> ii 's lik an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism .
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create . --> lik a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously abt dey lives , loves ang da art they 're struggling ta create .
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . --> though her fans wil assuredly have dey funny bones tickled , others wil fnk dey humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
the first fatal attraction was vile enough . --> the first fatal attraction was vile eugh .
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters . --> a sentimental bt entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . --> measured against practically any like-themed film otha than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor tha silence of d lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . --> aaand as wth most late-night bull sessions , eventually d content e n't nearly as captivating as d rowdy participants think ii e .
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ... --> ... a quietly introspective portrait of tha self-esteem of employment en da shame of losing a job ...
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work . --> garcia n d other actors help make da wobbly premise work .
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly . --> it 's just plain lurid when it e n't downright silly .
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . --> friday after nxt is tha kind of filmz thattt culd ony b made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .
it is also beautifully acted . --> ii e also beautifully acted .
this dubious product of a college-spawned -lrb- colgate u. -rrb- comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips . --> diss dubious product of a college-spawned -lrb- colgate u. -rrb- comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays lik a mix of cheech nd chong andd chips .
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . --> all three actresses r simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year . --> ... a powerful sequel nd onew of da best films of da year .
it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing . --> ii 's abt individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness za 's actually sort of ammmazing .
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema --> a gift 2 anyones who loves both dance aaand cinema
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . --> such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , ayu ca n't help suspecting da it wos improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . ' --> da new filmz of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard puts the ` ick ' n ` classic . '
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action . --> poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . --> if welles wes unhappy n d prospect of d human race splitting in two , he prolly wud n't be too crazy wth hiz great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much d sameee way .
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone . --> passions , obsessions , ang loneliest dark spots r pushed ta dia most virtuous limits , lending da narrative an unusually surreal tone .
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . --> defo a crowd-pleaser , but then , shoo wos d roman colosseum .
this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . --> this story of a determined woman 's courage to fnk her husband n a war zone offers winning performances and sum effecting moments .
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . --> wellllll made buht uninvolving , bloodwork e n't a terrible movie , juss a stultifyingly obvious onew -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . --> ... expands tha horizons of boredom 2 tha point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , fr which na interesting concept can escape .
as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings . --> as steamy as last wk 's pork dumplings .
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday . --> tha story itself it mostly told thru on-camera interviews wid several survivors , whose riveting memories r rendered w such clarity tht ii 's as if ii all happened ony ytd .
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance . --> tha movie e clever , offbeat and even gritty eugh to overcome my resistance .
another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh . --> another wk , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film . --> a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a filmz .
too silly to take seriously . --> tooooooo silly ta take seriously .
low comedy does n't come much lower . --> low comedy does n't cum much lower .
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . --> it 's a very tasteful rock aaand roll movie .
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . --> meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones wid d dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . --> davis ' candid , archly funny andd deeply authentic take o intimate relationships cums t fruition in her sophomore effort .
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . --> a fast paced en suspenseful argentinian thriller about tha shadow side of play .
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . --> ultimately d , yeshh , snail-like pacing nd lack of thematic resonance make da film more silly than scary , lyk some sort of martha stewart decorating programme runnn amok .
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower . --> sewer rats culd watch this movie and b o skeeved out that hey 'd nid a shower .
hard to resist . --> hard t resist .
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 ### . --> there 's an excellent 90-minute filmz here ; unfortunately , it runs 4 170 ### .
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here . --> director carl franklin , soo crisp en economical en one false move , bogs down n genre cliches heree .
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . --> lik a precious andd finely cut diamond , magnificent ta behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality ii 's one tough rock .
no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . --> noo cuteeee factor here ... no thay im mind ugly ; tha problem e he hs nah character , loveable or otherwise .
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers . --> suffers fr its timid parsing of da barn-side target of sons tryin to breach gaps in dey relationships wit dey fathers .
it 's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be . --> ii 's a frankenstein-monster of a filmz thattt does n't kno wht ii wnts 2 be .
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . --> an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted t the tiniest segment of an aready obscure demographic .
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . --> a knowing look n female friendship , spiked wth raw urban humour .
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . --> ... begins o a high note aaand sustains it beautifully .
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . --> tha overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . --> quaid e utterly fearless as the tortured husband livin a painful lie , en moore wonderfully underplays tha long-suffering heroine wid an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman nd june cleaver .
most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved --> most of tha probs wit the filmz do n't derive fr tha screenplay , but rather tha mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought . --> a poignant comedy tht offers food 4 thought .
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet\/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going . --> deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet\/west side story territory , where ii plainly has no business goin .
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract . --> thwre e noo psychology heree , nd noo real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal en abstract .
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . --> secretary manages a neat trick , bundling tha flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable . --> everythang abt ii fr d bland songs 2 d colorful buht flat drawings e completely serviceable n quickly forgettable .
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air . --> diss fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice dat gives tha lady aaand tha duke smth of a theatrical airrr .
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . --> a few pieces of d filmz buzz andd whir ; v little of ii actually clicks .
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over . --> ah-nuld 's action hero fay might b over .
the movie has a script -lrb- by paul pender -rrb- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions . --> da movie has a script -lrb- by paul pender -rrb- made of wood , aaand ii 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment . --> the filmmakers ' eye for detail aaand the high standards of performa convey a strong sence of d girls ' environment .
it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . --> it also shows hw deeply felt emotions can draw pepl together across the walls da might otherwise seperate them .
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . --> even accepting diss i da righ frame of mind can only provide it with shoo much leniency .
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . --> it 's n once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
they threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . --> they threw loads of money n an idea thattt shld 've been soooo much more even if ii wos ony made 4 teenage boys and wrestling fans .
- west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . --> - west coast rap wars , dis modern mob music kdrama never fails t fascinate .
as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair . --> as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality jn america , famly fundamentals e an earnest study n despair .
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . --> a movie more ta b prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete w soothing muzak en a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted . --> all en all , brown sugah e a satisfying well-made romantic comedy za 's both charming and wellllll acted .
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . --> represents a worthy departure from d culture clash comedies dat havr marked an emerging indian american cinema .
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . --> soo bland and utterly forgettable thay it might as well havr been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life . --> a comedy that swings aaand jostles t tha rhythms of lifeee .
a stylish thriller . --> a stylish thriller .
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . --> constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of da creative act .
birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . --> bday girl does n't try ta surprise us w plot twists , buht rather sim ta enjoy its own transparency .
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . --> a poky andd pseudo-serious exercise jn sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . --> thay rare movie thay works o any number of levels -- as a film of magic andd whimsy 4 childrens , a heartfelt romance 4 teenagers and a compelling argument abt death , both pro en con , 4 adults .
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . ' --> da universal theme of becoming a betetr person throught love hs neva been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . '
there 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease . --> there 's got 2 be a more graceful wayy of portraying d devastation of thiiisss disease .
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france . --> unfolds as onew of tha most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , buht esp fr france .
the rock is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal . --> da rock e destined to b da 21st century 's new `` conan '' ang that he 's goin ta make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal .
adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild . --> adults , otha than d parents ... will b hard pressed to succumb ta d call of tha wild .
here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . --> heree , alas , ii collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story . --> plays liek onew lang , meandering sketch inspired by da works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him --> snow dogs finds its humour jn a black mane gettin humiliated by a pack of dogs who r smarter than him
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . --> b4 ii takes a sudden turn n devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... e a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
... very funny , very enjoyable ... --> ... very funny , v enjoyable ...
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone . --> da hackneyed story bout an affluent damsel n distress who decides 2 fight her bully of a husband e simply tooooooo overdone .
... with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . --> ... wit d gifted pearce o hand 2 keep things o semi-stable ground dramatically , diss retooled machine e ultimately effective enuhh n achieving da modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets 4 itself .
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here . --> much lyke its easily dismissive take o d upscale lifestyle , thwre is n't much thwre here .
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest . --> lathan ang diggs carry tha filmz wif their charisma , nd both exhibit sharp comic timing thay makes the more hackneyed elements of d film easier t digest .
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . --> he hs improved upon tha fisrt and taken ii a step further , richer n deeper .
it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . --> ii 's a testament 2 de niro ang director michael caton-jones da by movie 's end , we accept tha characters nd d filmz , flaws and all .
this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . --> dis method almost neva fails him , en ii works superbly here .
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive . --> ii 's technically sumptuous bt also almost wildly alive .
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie . --> a characteristically engorged nd sloppy coming-of-age movie .
often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . --> often likable , bt just as often ii 's meandering , low o energy , and tooooooo eager to b quirky n moments wen a lil old-fashioned storytelling wud come i handy .
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . --> rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill tha hott chick , tha latest gimmick from thiiisss unimaginative comedian .
... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . --> ... tha tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , wit its love of lifeee andd beauty , takes form .
it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison . --> ii 's so devoid of joy and energy ii makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . --> a hypnotic portrait of dis sad , compulsive life .
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie . --> an ugly , pointless , stoopid movie .
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man . --> a fascinating , unnerving examination of tha delusions of onew unstable man .
a smart little indie . --> a smart lil indie .
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . --> a biiiig meal of cliches thattt d talented cast generally chokes o .
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be --> ... what a banal bore d preachy circuit turns outttttt to b
goes on and on to the point of nausea . --> goes o andd o ta tha point of nausea .
i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genre --> im hv a new favo musical -- and im 'm nt even a fan of tha genre
master of disguise runs for only 71 ### minutes and feels like three hours . --> master of disguise runs for ony 71 ### min andd feela lyk three hrs .
you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... ' --> youuu 'll feel lyke youuu ate a reeses whithout d peanut butter ... '
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year . --> easily oooooneee of da best and most exciting movies of the year .
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . --> despite tha surface attractions -- conrad l. hall 's cinematography wil likely b nominated 4 an oscar nxt year -- thwre 's summn impressive and yet lacking abt everythang .
broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs . --> broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive n redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . --> looks more liek a travel-agency vid targeted n pepul who lyk t ride bikes topless n roll jn da mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring . --> da 's why sex nd lucia e o alluring .
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . --> after an hour and a half of wondering -- somtime amusedly , somtime impatiently -- just what diss strenuously unconventional movie e supposed 2 b , ya discover da tha awnser e as conventional as can b .
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor . --> nettelbeck ... hs a pleasing way with a metaphor .
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . --> a puzzle whose pieces do nt fit .
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . --> a bit of a downer en a little over-dramatic n times , bt diss e a beautiful filmz for people who liek their romances t ve that french realism .
after the first 10 ### minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music . --> after the first 10 ### minutes , which is worth seeing , tha movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression andd bad alternative music .
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker . --> nt everything jn thiiisss ambitious comic escapade works , be coppola , along wth hiz sis , sofia , is a real filmmaker .
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler . --> ii 's fun , buht ii 's a real howler .
even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film . --> even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves 2 be a compelling , interestingly told filmz .
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing . --> juz tha labour involved in creating da layered richness of tha imagery en this chiaroscuro of madness andd light is astonishing .
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . --> da case e a convincing oooooneee , aaand shuld give anyones with a conscience reason ta pause .
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina . --> na such thng breaks nah new ground ang treads ol turf lyke a hippopotamus ballerina .
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve . --> whn twentysomething hotsies make movies abt dia lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but wh a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination aaand nerve .
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film . --> o its own , biiiig trouble culd b considered a funny lil filmz .
-lrb- reynolds -rrb- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . --> -lrb- reynolds -rrb- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors en uses a magnificent landscape 2 create a feature filmz za e wickedly fun ta watch .
if you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , eisenstein delivers . --> if youo 're content with a clever pseudo-bio dat manages t hav a gud time as ii doles out pieces of tha famous director 's lifeee , eisenstein delivers .
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . --> dis e tha kind of subject matter tht could so easily hav been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , buht ayres makes da right choices n every turn .
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent . --> probes in a light-hearted wayy d romantic probs of individuals 4 whom da yearning for passion spells discontent .
it made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire . --> ii made me realize that we rlly havr n't had a gd cheesy b-movie playin in theaters since ... wellllll ... since last wk 's reign of fire .
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel -lrb- about schmidt -rrb- and an old payne screenplay . --> ultimately thiiisss e a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel -lrb- bout schmidt -rrb- and an ol payne screenplay .
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . --> ... once tha true impact of the dayy unfolds , tha power of this movie e undeniable .
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part . --> thiiisss time , da hype e quieter , and while d movie e slightly less successful than the first , ii 's still a rollicking goodd time 4 tha most part .
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing . --> nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed upp en peekaboo clothing .
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . --> diss e d sort of low-grade dreck tht usually goes str8 t vid -- wit a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic actin , poorly dubbed dialogue aaand murky cinematography , complete wif visible boom mikes .
every joke is repeated at least four times . --> every joke e repeated n least four times .
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag . --> d gags , ang the script , r a mixed bag .
and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle . --> en adults will n least hav a dream image of tha west 2 savor whenever tha film 's lamer instincts are i d saddle .
the best film of the year 2002 . --> da best filmz of d year 2002 .
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . --> blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic 2 d damage ii surveys , da filmz hs jn kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable . --> d first shocking ting bout sorority boys is that ii 's acttually watchable .
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . --> a movie i loved on fisrt sight aaand , even more important , luff n remembrance .
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . --> an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugz and philosophy .
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope . --> diss e a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . --> a documentary t make d stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . --> most haunting abt `` fence '' e its conclusion , when we hear da ultimate fate of deez girls aaand realise , much t our dismay , that this rlly dd happen .
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés . --> starts out ballsy aaand stylish buht fails 2 keep ii upp en settles into clichés .
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe . --> tha filmz feela formulaic , its plot ang pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
-lrb- i -rrb- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be . --> -lrb- im -rrb- t 's certainly laudable thay d movie deals wid hot-button issues n a comedic context , buht barbershop e n't as funny as ii shld b .
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . --> but the sec half of d movie rlly goes downhill .
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release . --> a wellllll paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . --> diss misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , i treading tha line between sappy en sanguine , winds upp mired i tear-drenched quicksand .
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . --> the ony fun part of d movie e playin da obvious game .
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . --> an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . --> although fairly involving as far as ii goes , d filmz does n't end upp having much tht e fresh t say about growing upp catholic or , rlly , anything .
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . --> an engrossing story thattt combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , en high-octane thriller .
a gripping drama . --> a gripping kdrama .
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . --> ii picked mee upp , swung mi around , n dropped mi bck i mi seat wth more emotional force than any otha recent filmz .
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . --> the pleasures thay ii does afford may b eugh ta keep many moviegoers occupied amidst sum of the more serious-minded concerns of otha year-end movies .
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -lrb- since sept. 11 ### -rrb- . --> its inescapable absurdities are tantamount t insulting da intelligence of anyone who hs n't been livin under a rock -lrb- since sept. 11 ### -rrb- .
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie . --> a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . --> as im settled into ma world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even da corniest en most hackneyed contrivances .
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing . --> the movie generates plot points wit a degree of randomness usually achieved ony by lottery drawing .
classic cinema served up with heart and humor --> classic cinema served upp wid heart and humor
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen . --> thr may have been a good'o filmz en `` trouble every dayy , '' bt ii is naw wut e o the screen .
the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis . --> da result e an ` action filmz ' mired en stasis .
that 's because relatively nothing happens . --> thay 's because relatively nun happens .
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . --> an authentically vague , be ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told . --> be dey do n't fett wellllll together n neither is well told .
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... circuit gets drawn into the party . --> liek most movies bout d pitfalls of bad behavior ... circuit gets drawn into the paty .
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . --> wif dirty deeds , david caesar hs stepped into da mainstream of filmmaking wit an assurance worthy of international acclaim and w every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sence 4 wat works o screen .
oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . --> oddly , tha filmz e n't nearly as downbeat as ii sounds , buht strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful en strangely funny .
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone . --> im 've neva seen orrr heard anything quite liek thiiisss filmz , ang im recommend ii 4 its originality alone .
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . --> whn the movie mixes the cornpone ang da cosa nostra , ii finds a nice rhythm .
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . --> ... thwre 's a choppy , surface-effect feelin to tha whole enterprise .
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . --> ii 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . --> a goood documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave youu cold .
this is a children 's film in the truest sense . --> thiiisss is a children 's filmz n d truest sense .
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles . --> a v funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously wth their fears and foibles .
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . --> tha movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself n every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feela more lyke commiserating .
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket . --> a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys . --> thwre r n't many conclusive answers i the filmz , bt thwre e an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy en d lil guys vs. d big guys .
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line . --> plays lyke a series of vignettes -- clips of a filmz that r stillll lookin for a common through-line .
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film . --> a filmz thattt begins wif tha everyday lives of naval personnel i san diego ang ends wth scenes so true nd heartbreaking da tears welled upp in m eyes both times im saw d filmz .
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . --> leigh e onew of da rare directors who feela acting e d heart aaand soul of cinema .
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not --> sittin i da third row of tha imax cinema n sydney 's darlin harbour , buht im sometimes felt as thou im was n da tiny two seater plane thay carried d giant camera around australia , sweeping aaand gliding , banking nd hovering over some of d most nt
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . --> ii 's more enjoyable than im expected , though , nd that 's cuzz the laughs cum fr fairly basic comedic constructs .
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller . --> ii 's crafty , energetic nd smart -- d kidd e sort of lyke a fourteen-year oll ferris bueller .
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences . --> da filmz does n't hav nuff innovation orrr pizazz 2 attract teenagers , nd ii lacks the novel charm thattt made spy kids a surprising winner wid both adults nd younger audiences .
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us . --> she boxes these women 's souls rite open 4 us .
all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling . --> all tha movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact dat ii 's inauthentic n its core and thattt its story juz e n't worth telling .
this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . --> this e dicaprio 's best performa jn anything every , andd easily da most watchable filmz of the year .
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb . --> thou impostor deviously adopts tha guise of a modern motion pict , ii tooo e a bomb .
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . --> jolie gives ii thattt extra lil summn thay makes ii worth checking outttttt at theaters , esp if yea 're jn d mood 4 sumn more comfortable than challenging .
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . --> oooooneee key problema wth deez ardently christian storylines is that thwre e neva any question of hw things wil turn outttttt .
other than the slightly flawed -lrb- and fairly unbelievable -rrb- finale , everything else is top shelf . --> otha than the slightly flawed -lrb- andd fairly unbelievable -rrb- finale , everything else is top shelf .
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . --> a summer entertainment adults can c whithout feeli embarrassed , bt ii culd hv been more .
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way . --> `` bad '' e the operative wrd 4 `` bad company , '' and im do n't mean tht en a gud waaay .
seriously , rent the disney version . --> srsly , rent tha disney version .
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d . --> the immersive powers of d giant screen andd its hyper-realistic images r put to perfect use in d breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .
it 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . --> ii 's difficult ta imagine da a more confused , less interesting ang more sloppily made filmz culd possibly come dwm the rd n 2002 .
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . --> as dey used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs e a tribute ta shyamalan 's gifts , which r such that we 'll keep watchin d skies 4 hiz nxt project .
the only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub . --> tha only pain chu 'll feel as d credits roll e your stomach grumbling 4 some tasty grub .
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . --> i visual fertility treasure planet rivals da top japanese animations of recent vintage .
if you go , pack your knitting needles . --> if yu go , pack y knitting needles .
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . --> call mi a cold-hearted curmudgeon 4 not bein able ta enjoy a mindless action movie , but im believe a movie can b mindless whithout bein d peak of all things insipid .
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan . --> assured , vital ang wellllll wrought , da filmz is , arguably , d most accomplished wrk 2 date fr hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl - --> notwithstanding ym problema with the movie 's final half hour , im 'm goin to recommend secretary , based o the wonderful actin clinic put o by spader ang gyllenhaal , en also tha unique way shainberg goes bout tellin what n heart e a sweet lil g -
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . --> tha biiiig ending surprise almost saves d movie .
an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging . --> an ill-conceived jumble thattt 's naw scary , nt smart andd no engaging .
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . --> wat we get i feardotcom e more lyk something fr a bad clive barker movie .
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks . --> tooooooo much of d movie feela contrived , as if tha filmmakers wrre worried da story wld n't wrk whithout all those gimmicks .
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . --> austin powers i goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness n gall za nevertheless wil leave fans clamoring for another ride .
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion . --> nair 's cast e soooooo large ii 's altman-esque , buht she deftly spins da multiple stories in a vibrant ang intoxicating fashion .
-lrb- t -rrb- oo many of these gross out scenes ... --> -lrb- t -rrb- oo many of deez gross out scenes ...
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind --> an original ang highly cerebral examination of tha psychopathic mind
when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . --> wen ii cums out o vid , then ii 's the perfect cure 4 insomina .
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here . --> killing time , za 's all that 's goin o heree .
it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . --> it 's an experience en understanding a unique culture thattt is presented wid universal appeal .
if you like peace , you 'll like promises . --> if youu lyk p , yu 'll lyke promises .
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . --> the dialogue e v choppy aaand monosyllabic despite da fact dat ii e bein dubbed .
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy . --> a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
the performances are uniformly good . --> d performances r uniformly goodd .
it would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . --> ii would n't matter so much thay diss arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine e offensive , puerile nd unimaginatively foul-mouthed if ii vas n least funny .
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . --> if tha filmz fails ta fulfil its own ambitious goals , ii nonetheless sustains interest during the lang build-up of expository material .
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier . --> murderous maids hs a loooot goin 4 it , nt least the brilliant performances by testud ... andd parmentier .
... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . --> ... 4 all its social aaand political potential , state property does n't end upp bein v inspiring orrr insightful .
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering . --> d search for redemption makes 4 a touching luv story , mainly cause blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of dia characters ' suffering .
unwieldy contraption . --> unwieldy contraption .
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors . --> by n large dis e mr. kilmer 's movie , aaand ii 's hiz strongest performance since the doors .
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . --> a sub-formulaic slap in d face to seasonal cheer .
feral and uncomfortable . --> feral aaand uncomfortable .
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . --> oooooneee of those joyous films thay leaps over national boundaries n celebrates universal humen nature .
-lrb- a -rrb- crushing disappointment . --> -lrb- a -rrb- crushing disappointment .
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's . --> i like my christmas movies wth more elves en snow aaand less pimps and ho 's .
seems like someone going through the motions . --> sim like someone going through d motions .
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . --> despite terrific special effects ang funnier gags , harry potter ang tha chamber of secrets finds a wayy to make j.k. rowling 's marvellous series into a deadly bore .
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . --> fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , buht ii e doubtful diss listless feature wil win him any new viewers .
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . --> ... a thoughtful what-if 4 da heart as wellllll as tha mind .
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way . --> tha attraction betwn deez two marginal characters e complex from da start -- n , refreshingly , stays that way .
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other . --> the production hs been made wit an enormous amount of affection , soooo we believe dese characters love each otha .
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory . --> ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences thay burn theirselves upon the viewer 's memory .
` this movie sucks . ' --> ` this movie sucks . '
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . --> an ideal loce story for those intolerant of da more common saccharine genre .
... a bland , pretentious mess . --> ... a bland , pretentious mess .
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale --> d filmz never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
alternately frustrating and rewarding . --> alternately frustrating nd rewarding .
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags . --> ... if ii had been ony half-an-hour lang orrr a tv special , d humor woyld ve been fast en furious -- n ninety minutes , it drags .
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . --> a superfluous sequel ... plagued by thay old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over wif ' : everyone hs shown up n da appointed time andd place , bt visible enthusiasm e mighty hard t find .
sets animation back 30 ### years , musicals back 40 ### years and judaism back at least 50 ### . --> sets animation bsck 30 ### years , musicals bsck 40 ### years ang judaism back n least 50 ### .
a listless and desultory affair . --> a listless n desultory affair .
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . --> a wannabe comedy of manners abt a brainy prep-school kidd wth a mrs. robinson complex founders o its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
nothing about them is attractive . --> nun about em is attractive .
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . --> manages 2 b both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . --> vera has created a provocative , absorbing kdrama dat reveals d curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
the performances are an absolute joy . --> the performances r an absolute joy .
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . --> this seductive tease of a thriller gets da job done .
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . --> lyk all great films abt a life yo neva knew existed , ii offers much to absorb andd even more to think about after the final frame .
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise . --> ii is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , esp as temptingly easy as ii woyld ve been with thiiisss premise .
it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . --> ii 's funny and humen en really pretty damned wonderful , all n once .
-lrb- swimfan -rrb- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . --> -lrb- swimfan -rrb- falls victim ta sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act en a villainess who e tooo crazy 2 b interesting .
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin . --> loosely speaking , we 're in all of mee territory again , nd , strictly speaking , schneider e na steve martin .
predictably melodramatic . --> predictably melodramatic .
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . --> russian ark e a new treasure of da hermitage .
highly engaging . --> highly engaging .
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it . --> antwone fisher certainly does tha trick of makin us care about its protagonist and celebrate hiz victories be , with few exceptions , ii rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions 2 do ii .
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly . --> da whole talking-animal thng e grisly .
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . --> da entire movie e so formulaic ang forgettable da it 's hardly over before it begins t fade fr memory .
more a gunfest than a rock concert . --> more a gunfest than a rock concert .
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun . --> if ur can swallow its absurdities andd crudities lagaan really e enormously gd fun .
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . --> hs its moments -- nd almost as many subplots .
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches . --> a derivative collection of horror ang sci-fi cliches .
what 's next ? --> what 's nxt ?
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . --> nelson 's intentions r goood , be tha end result does noo justice to da story itself .
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels . --> twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , aaand ultimately d story compels .
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty . --> an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped n mystery aaand a ravishing , baroque beauty .
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . --> aggressive self-glorification andd a manipulative whitewash .
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers . --> fails to convince d audience tht deez brats wil every be anything more than losers .
hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . --> hatosy ... portrays young brendan wid hiz usual intelligence en subtlety , naw 2 mention a convincing brogue .
washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration . --> washington overcomes tha script 's flaws n envelops tha audience in hiz character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . --> mariah carey gives us another peek n sum of tha magic we saw en glitter heree i wisegirls .
very stupid and annoying . --> v stoopid ang annoying .
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . --> an empty exercise , a florid buht ultimately vapid crime melodrama wth lots of surface flash be little emosh resonance .
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . --> da script e a tiard one , wif few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . --> ii 's a dayy n da beach -- with airrr conditioning nd popcorn .
make like the title and dodge this one . --> make lyk d title and dodge diss oooooneee .
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers . --> often shocking buht ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood nd desperate mothers .
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role . --> tha lousy john q all be spits outttttt denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role .
but it 's surprisingly harmless . --> be ii 's surprisingly harmless .
officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny . --> officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
a film that suffers because of its many excesses . --> a filmz tht suffers cos of its many excesses .
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 . --> a quietly movin look bsck n whet ii was ta b iranian-american en 1979 .
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . --> da leads we r given heree r simply tooo bland ta b interesting .
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . --> staggers betwn flaccid satire nd wh is supposed ta b madcap farce .
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour . --> a distinctly minor effort thay wil b seen to betetr advantage o cable , esp considering its barely feature-length runnin time of oooooneee hour .
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . --> a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill d after-school slot n shopping mall theaters across d country .
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . --> functions as both a revealing look n da collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of tha corporate circus thay e da recording industry en tha current climate of mergers aaand downsizing .
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . --> reign of fire e hardly da most original fantasy film every made -- beyond rd warrior , ii owes enormous debts t aliens aaand every previous dragon kdrama -- bt dat barely makes ii any less entertaining .
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . --> d comedy death to smoochy e a rancorous curiosity : a movie whithout an apparent audience .
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters --> turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating filmz school experience da plays betta ony 4 the filmz 's publicists orrr 4 ppe who take as many drugs as da filmz 's characters
one of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . --> onew of those strained caper movies tht 's hardly any fun ta watch and begins ta vaporize from yo memory mins after ii ends .
there 's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . --> there 's nah denying that burns e a filmmaker with a bright futur ahead of him .
a film that loses sight of its own story . --> a film da loses sight of its own story .
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . --> where tom green stages hiz gags as assaults o america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation . --> dese self-styled athletes havr banged dey brains into the ground soooooo frequently nd furiously , dey capacity 2 explain theirselves hs gone da sameee wayy as dia natural instinct 4 self-preservation .
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age . --> a fascinating documentary bout d lang en eventful spiritual journey of tha guru who helped launch the new age .
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side . --> the film hs the courage of its convictions and excellent performances o its side .
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target . --> a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hittin a discernible target .
there 's plenty to impress about e.t. --> thr 's plenty to impress abt e.t.
the pianist -lrb- is -rrb- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . --> the pianist -lrb- e -rrb- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered dat we , todays , can prevent its tragic waste of life .
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs . --> topics that culd make a sailor blush - buht lots of laughs .
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . --> neva decides whether ii wants 2 b a black comedy , kdrama , melodrama orrr sum combination of the three .
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . --> hs da rare capability to soothe andd break yor heart wif a single stroke .
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children . --> a conventional , buht well-crafted filmz bout a historic legal battle en ireland over a mane 's ryt t raise hiz own childrens .
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . --> those 24-and-unders lookin 4 dia own caddyshack 2 adopt as a generational signpost may havr ta keep o lookin .
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . ' --> sadly , ` garth ' hs n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult . --> da story of trouble every day ... is shoo sketchy ii amounts t lil more than preliminary notes 4 a science-fiction horror film , nd tha movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
-lrb- t -rrb- he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution --> -lrb- t -rrb- he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . --> most of da information has alrdy appeared in one forum or another and , no matter hw broomfield dresses ii up , ii tends 2 speculation , conspiracy theories orrr , at best , circumstantial evidence .
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire . --> consider d filmz a celluloid litmus test 4 the intellectual ang emosh pedigree of yo date en a giant step backward for a director im admire .
imagine -lrb- if possible -rrb- a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma . --> imagine -lrb- if posible -rrb- a pasolini filmz whithout passion orrr politics , orrr an almodovar movie whithout beauty orrr humor , en ayu have sum idea of the glum , numb experience of watchin o fantasma .
just plain bad . --> jst plain bad .
although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another major league . --> although ii tries 2 b much more , ii 's rlly juss another major league .
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . --> wen da screenwriter responsible 4 one of d worst movies of onew year directs an equally miserable filmz d following year , ya 'd havr a hard time believing it wos just coincidence .
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood . --> tha entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? --> director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote d script , catches d chaotic horror of war , but y bother if ayu 're goin to subjugate truth t da tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . --> this e a movie so insecure bout its capacity t excite tht ii churns upp naw oooooneee bt two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack . --> if im wnt music , i 'll buy tha soundtrack .
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie . --> thiiisss movie hs the usual impossible stunts ... buht ii hs just as many scenes tht r lean n tough enough to fett in any modern action movie .
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . --> somtime makes less sence than da bruckheimeresque american action flicks ii emulates .
as a film director , labute continues to improve . --> as a filmz director , labute continues ta improve .
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . --> a dark comedy that goes 4 sick and demented humour simply to do so .
lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis . --> lazily directed by charles stone iii ... fr a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so . --> da dialogue is cumbersome , d simpering soundtrack andd editing more shoo .
this is a film living far too much in its own head . --> this e a film livin far too much en its own head .
pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest . --> pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou wif another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible . --> p.t. anderson understands d grandness of romance ang hw looove e da great equalizer da can calm us of our daily ills andd bring out joys in our lives tht we neva knew wrre posible .
imagine o. henry 's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene . --> imagine o. henry 's the gift of d magi relocated 2 tha scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene .
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie . --> i do n't knw if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , bt he can r contentedly wit the knowledge thattt he 's made n least onew dam fine horror movie .
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . --> large budget notwithstanding , tha movie e such a blip o tha year 's radar screen tht ii 's tempting jus t go with it 4 the ride .
`` frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . --> `` frailty '' offers chills much lyk those that youo get whn sittin around a campfire around midnight , tellin creepy stories ta give each otha the willies .
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . --> despite modest aspirations its occasional charms r nt to be dismissed .
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . --> any reasonably creative eighth-grader culd have written a more credible script , thou w da sameee number of continuity errors .
go , girls , right down the reality drain . --> go , girls , ryt dwm tha reality drain .
staggeringly dreadful romance . --> staggeringly dreadful romance .
a smart , compelling drama . --> a smart , compelling kdrama .
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents --> thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lottle of v bad scouse accents
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . --> ... theyr 's enough cool fun here ta warm d hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
deliciously slow . --> deliciously slow .
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . --> da problem , amazingly enuhh , e d screenplay .
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing . --> offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing faceeee of beijing .
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . --> ... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment . --> an escapist confection thattt 's pure entertainment .
an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession . --> an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession .
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag . --> soooooo aggressively cheery thattt pollyana would reach 4 a barf bag .
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . --> a worthy idea , be tha uninspired scripts , acting aaand direction neva rise above d level of an after-school tv special .
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour . --> beautifully shot , delicately scored andd powered by a set of heartfelt performances , ii 's a lyrical endeavour .
pompous and garbled . --> pompous and garbled .
there 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale . --> thr 's a whole heap of nothin n d core of dis slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
for all its problems ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . --> for all its problems ... the lady andd the duke surprisingly manages never t grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still hs a sense of hiz audience .
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety . --> da salton sea hs moments of inspired humour , though every scrap e of da darkest variety .
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes . --> a touching , sophisticated filmz thattt almost sim lyk a documentary i d wayy ii captures an italian immigrant famly o tha brink of major changes .
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag . --> ii e supremely unfunny nd unentertaining t watch middle-age ang older men drink 2 excess , piss on trees , b.s. oooooneee another n put on a show en drag .
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away . --> a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist thay everyone except the characters n it can see comeing a mile away .
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . --> cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way thru snow dogs , bt even hiz boisterous energy fails 2 spark thiiisss leaden comedy .
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . --> a sharp , amusing study of da cult of celebrity .
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe . --> a culture-clash comedy thay , in addition t bein v funny , captures sum of the discomfort and embarrassment of bein a bumbling american jn europe .
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker . --> constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . --> tha leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers en cutting impressions , shows all da signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema . --> an emotionally strong n politically potent piece of cinema .
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . --> that da real antwone fisher vas able 2 overcome hiz personal obstacles and becum a gd mane e a wonderful thng ; that he has been able 2 share hiz story o compellingly wit us e a minor miracle .
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is . --> wut a dum , fun , curiously adolescent movie diss e .
simplistic , silly and tedious . --> simplistic , silly and tedious .
we just do n't really care too much about this love story . --> we juz do n't rlly care too much abt diss looove story .
writer\/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . --> writer\/director burr steers emphasizes d q in quirky , wif mixed results .
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting . --> it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts n go whr da moment takes em , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken ang marilyn freeman dd jus dat and ii 's what makes dey project so interesting .
now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud . --> nah heree 's a sadistic bike flick tht wud ve made vittorio de sica proud .
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through . --> offers laughs andd insight into oooooneee of da toughest ages a kidd can go throught .
for a film about explosions and death and spies , `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film . --> 4 a filmz abt explosions and death en spies , `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' sim as safe as a childrens 's filmz .
it 's up to -lrb- watts -rrb- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe . --> ii 's upp 2 -lrb- watts -rrb- 2 lend credibility to thiiisss strange scenario , and her presence succeeds en makin us believe .
what makes this film special is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context . --> wat makes this filmz special e serry 's ability 2 take whet e essentially a contained famly conflict ang put ii into a much larger historical context .
well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies . --> wellllll , i sum of those , the muh deer even dies .
... a solid , well-formed satire . --> ... a solid , well-formed satire .
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . --> da filmz e small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
less than fresh . --> less than fresh .
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch '' a second look . --> those moviegoers who wud automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary shuld give `` scratch '' a second look .
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . --> a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish thay e listless , witless , en devoid of anything resembling humour .
it 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -lrb- woo 's -rrb- best work . --> ii 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action mane cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone thattt falls far short of da peculiarly moral amorality of -lrb- woo 's -rrb- best workk .
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 ### minutes in a movie theater . --> using a stock plot , abt a boi injects juz enough freshness into tha proceedings ta provide an enjoyable 100 ### mins i a movie theatre .
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment . --> old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . --> hey juss have probs , which are neither original nor r presented n convincing wayy .
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . --> mindless andd boring martial arts and gunplay with tooo little excitement andd zero compelling storyline .
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation . --> an ingenious andd often harrowing look n damaged ppl nd how families can offer either despair orrr consolation .
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished . --> below may nt mark mr. twohy 's emergence into d mainstream , buht his promise remains undiminished .
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . ' --> im think it vas plato who said , ' im think , therefore im knw betta than t rush ta d theatre 4 this one . '
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . --> da soul-searching deliberateness of tha filmz , although leavened nicely wth dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes tooo heavy 4 da plot .
is n't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? --> is n't ii a bit early in hiz career 4 director barry sonnenfeld 2 do a homage to himself ?
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . --> diss stuck pig of a movie flails limply betwn bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . ' --> chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility 2 da horrors of da killing field and tha barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '
it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . --> ii 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent ang sickeningly savage .
white has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . --> white has n't developed characters soo much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons tht get him a few laughs bt nothin else .
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something . --> world traveler might naw go anywhere new , orrr arrive anyplace special , but ii 's certainly an honest attempt t get at something .
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . --> it is lifeee affirming and heartbreaking , sweet whithout tha decay factor , funny and sad .
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . --> witty dialog betwn realistic characters showin honest emo .
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . --> hawke 's filmz , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except tht da chelsea hotel todays is populated by whiny , pathetic , starvin nd untalented artistes .
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . --> gets bogged dwm by an overly sillified plot ang stop-and-start pacing .
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . --> da lively appeal of d last kiss lies in the ease wit which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
using an endearing cast , writer\/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred . --> using an endearing cast , writer\/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look n relationships , both sexual nd kindred .
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . --> sum body often looks lyke an episode of tha tv show blind date , ony less technically proficient and whithout the pop-up comments .
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . --> `` sorority boys '' wos funnier , n tht movie wes pretty bad .
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away . --> toes tha fine line betwn cheese andd earnestness remarkably wellllll ; everythang e delivered wif such conviction tht it 's hard no to b carried away .
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another . --> silly stuff , all mixed upp together like a term paper fr a kidd who ca n't quite distinguish onew sci-fi workk fr another .
it 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion . --> ii 's da filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of wut made old-time b movies good-bad za makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
and , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . --> and , theyr 's nah wayy youuu wo n't b talkin about da filmz once u exit d theatre .
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . --> d rules of attraction gets us too drunk o the paty favors t sober us upp wif d transparent attempts n moralizing .
his work with actors is particularly impressive . --> his wrk with actors e particularly impressive .
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling . --> unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect e chillen .
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . --> worthless , fr its pseudo-rock-video opening to tha idiocy of its last frames .
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . --> oooooneee of those films thay started wif a great premise nd then just fell apart .
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . --> when you fnk yourself rooting 4 d monsters n a horror movie , ur knw tha plc e en trouble .
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . --> a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema tht carries youuu along in a torrent of emotion as ii explores tha awful complications of one terrifying day .
wishy-washy . --> wishy-washy .
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive . --> nah one can doubt d filmmakers ' motives , bt tha guys still feela counterproductive .
it just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller . --> ii juz goes t show , an intelligent person e n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . --> moves en such odd plot directions ang descends into such message-mongering moralism za its gud qualities r obscured .
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must ! --> for those who lik quirky , slightly strange french films , diss e a must !
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' --> too often , sonn of the bride becomes an exercise i trying 2 predict wen a preordained `` biiiig moment '' will occur andd no `` if . ''
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t. --> da mood , look en tone of d film fit d incredible storyline ta a t.
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms . --> a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera da does n't make much sence even o its own terms .
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents . --> a certain sexiness underlines even tha dullest tangents .
why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , i did n't care . --> yy `` nem '' wrre heree and what `` hey '' wanted ang quite honestly , im dd n't care .
shallow . --> shallow .
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry . --> a wrk of extraordinary journalism , buht it is also a workk of deft ang subtle poetry .
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . --> but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
all three women deliver remarkable performances . --> all three women deliver remarkable performances .
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation . --> koury frighteningly andd honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment ang , i turn , hiz self-inflicted retaliation .
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . --> o the hook e overlong nd no well-acted , buht credit writer-producer-director adam watstein wit finishing ii n all .
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability . --> thr is a subversive element t diss disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . --> n an era wer biiiig stars aaand high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , andd outpaces its contemporaries wth daring and verve .
`` freaky friday , '' it 's not . --> `` freaky friday , '' ii 's nt .
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades --> an essentially awkward version of d lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching 4 decades
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -lrb- excepting love hewitt -rrb- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon . --> bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -lrb- excepting loce hewitt -rrb- , an interesting racial tension , n a storyline thay im ve n't encountered since n least pete 's dragon .
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . --> while tha now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed dwm by a stroke , he hs n least onew more story to tell : hiz own .
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . --> diss e oooooneee baaaaaaaaad movie .
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . --> maggie smith as d ya-ya member w d o2-tank wil absolutely craic youu up wif her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life . --> brims with passion : 4 words , 4 its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for d crazy things that keep pple going en thiiisss crazy lifeee .
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . --> borrows from other movies lyke ii in d most ordinary ang obvious fashion .
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites . --> appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 neva quite ignites .
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . --> da story alone could force yui 2 scratch a hole in yo head .
this u-boat does n't have a captain . --> thiiisss u-boat does n't hve a captain .
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai . --> spectacular en every sence of tha wrd , even if ayu don ' t nuh an orc fr a uruk-hai .
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst . --> a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a filmz less bout refracting all of world war ii through d specific conditions of one mane , nd more abt dat mane lost in its midst .
you will likely prefer to keep on watching . --> ur wil likely prefer ta keep o watchin .
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . --> a filmz thay 's flawed ang brilliant en equal measure .
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking . --> ii 's leaden and predictable , aaand laughs r lacking .
the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . '' --> tha importance of bein earnest movie sim to b missing a great deal of tha acerbic repartee of the play . ''
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . --> it 's a lovley , eerie filmz dat casts an odd , rapt spell .
one fantastic -lrb- and educational -rrb- documentary . --> onew fantastic -lrb- ang educational -rrb- documentary .
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly . --> tha word thay cums t mind , while watchin eric rohmer 's tribute ta a courageous scottish lady , e painterly .
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's . --> a funny ang touching filmz that is gorgeously acted by a british cast ta rival gosford park 's .
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . --> he allows hiz cast members 2 make creative contributions t the story and dialogue .
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been . --> an incoherent jumble of a filmz da 's rarely as entertaining as ii culd hv been .
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . --> cho continues her exploration of tha outer limits of raunch wit considerable brio .
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . --> instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining da story 's emosh thrust .
i love the robust middle of this picture . --> im luv d robust midd of dis plc .
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . --> 4 those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment hs n't escaped da rut dug by da last onew .
it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience . --> it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half 4 the famly audience .
intriguing and downright intoxicating . --> intriguing and downright intoxicating .
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception . --> a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . --> im stillll lyk moonlight mile , betta judgement be damned .
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . --> a showcase 4 both the scenic splendor of da mountains aaand 4 legendary actor michel serrault , tha film e less successful o otha levels .
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . --> wit an expressive faceeee reminiscent of gong li nd a vivid personality liek zhang ziyi 's , dong stakes out the emosh heart of happpy .
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen . --> steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension . --> george lucas returns as a visionary wit a tale full of nuance andd character dimension .
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest . --> putting tha primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects thattt runnn the gamut fr cheesy t cheesier t cheesiest .
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . --> wth tha cheesiest monsters diss side of a horror spoof , which dey is n't , ii e more likely 2 induce slp than fright .
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . --> tho tom shadyac 's filmz kicks o spookily eugh , around d halfway mark ii takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality nd laughable contrivance .
`` auto focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era --> `` auto focus '' works as an unusual biopic nd document of male swingers en tha playboy era
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . --> wth jump cuts , fast editing nd lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage hw bad hiz movie is .
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 ### minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once . --> one of d most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is t sit thru bout 90 ### min of a so-called ` comedy ' aaand not laugh once .
except it 's much , much better . --> except it 's much , much betetr .
good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . --> goodd fun , goodd action , goood actin , gd dialogue , gud pace , gd cinematography .
it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects . --> ii 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime . --> is za ii 's a crime movie made by sumone who obviously knows ntn about crime .
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . --> jason patric and ray liotta make 4 oooooneee splendidly cast pair .
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . --> its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie en unexpected fable ensures d filmz never feela draggy .
insightfully written , delicately performed --> insightfully written , delicately performed
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom . --> shyamalan should stop trying to please hiz mum .
kung pow is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . --> kung pow e oedekerk 's realization of hiz childhood dream to b in a martial-arts flick , n proves za somtime da dreams of youth shuld remain juss za .
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted . --> wimps outttttt by goin 4 dat pg-13 rating , soooooo d more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and tha sexuality e muted .
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep . --> the directing aaand story r disjointed , flaws thattt hv 2 b laid squarely o taylor 's doorstep .
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing . --> the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology 4 the masses -- e surprisingly refreshing .
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer . --> ii 's nah lie -- big fat liar e a real charmer .
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers . --> a gorgeously strange movie , heaven e deeply concerned wth morality , but it refuses ta spell things outttttt 4 viewers .
you 'll cry for your money back . --> yu 'll cry 4 yo money bsck .
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic . --> the package jn which diss fascinating -- en timely -- content comes wrapped e disappointingly generic .
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . --> a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power ang social mobility .
i loved the look of this film . --> im loved da look of diss filmz .
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation . --> thiiisss little film e soooo slovenly done , shoo primitive in technique , thay ii ca n't rlly b called animation .
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting . --> another boorish movie fr da i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression . --> it has its faults , buht ii e a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , nd mandy moore leaves a positive impression .
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise . --> a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute . --> d code talkers deserved betta than a hollow tribute .
for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet . --> 4 proof of da o da cinematic front , look nah further than this 20th anniv edition of da filmz za spielberg calls , retrospectively , hiz most personal wrk yet .
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . --> a slam-bang extravaganza that e all abt a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
what you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height . --> wh yah expect is juss what yah get ... assuming tha bar of expectations hs n't been raised above sixth-grade height .
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . --> da campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . --> an entertainment shoo en loce wth its overinflated mythology that ii nah longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers 4 real characters en compelling plots .
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . --> two badly interlocked stories drowned by all tooooooo clever complexity .
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . --> aloof nd lacks any real raw emotion , which e fatal 4 a film thattt relies o personal relationships .
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible . --> while parker ang co-writer catherine di napoli r faithful to melville 's plotline , hey and a fully engaged supporting cast ... ve made the ol boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major woyld ve thought posible .
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . --> tha aaa of action , xxx e a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .
it 's all surface psychodramatics . --> ii 's all surface psychodramatics .
comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . --> comedian , like its subjects , delivers d goods andd audiences will hav a fun , no-frills ride .
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . --> ii wos ony a matter of time before sum savvy producer saw the potential success inherent i d mixture of bullock bubble en hugh goo .
it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters . --> it 's virtually impossible ta lyke any of dese despicable characters .
it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . --> ii 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts u spirits as well as da corners of yor mouth .
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . --> scott delivers a terrific performa i thiiisss fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . --> replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots e degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage .
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . --> d filmz delivers what it promises : a look n tha `` wild ride '' thattt ensues whn brash young men set outttttt to conquer the online world wit laptops , cell phones en sketchy business plans .
it thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -lrb- jaglom -rrb- pursued with such enervating determination in venice\/venice . --> it thankfully goes easy o the reel\/real world dichotomy dat -lrb- jaglom -rrb- pursued wit such enervating determination i venice\/venice .
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . --> a fake street drama da keeps tellin youo things instead of showin them .
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . --> lyke showgirls en glitter , d most entertaining moments heree r unintentional .
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling . --> the story is predictable , d jokes r typical sandler fare , and da romance with ryder is puzzling .
mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . --> mark pellington 's latest pop thriller e as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly en love wid myth .
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script . --> nah amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , nd shooting can hide a weak script .
prepare to marvel again . --> prepare 2 marvel again .
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . --> famly togetherness takes a bck seat 2 inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots hav na explanation or even plot relevance .
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed . --> stiff and schmaltzy nd clumsily directed .
troubling and powerful . --> troubling nd powerful .
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon . --> cassavetes thinks he 's making dogg dayy afternoon with a cause , bt all he 's done e t reduce everythang he touches 2 a shrill , didactic cartoon .
` dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . --> ` dragonfly ' dwells o crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama . --> a genuinely movin nd wisely unsentimental kdrama .
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it . --> amy ang matthew hv a bit of a phony relationship , buht da filmz works n spite of ii .
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . --> mybe it e formula filmmaking , but thwre 's ntn wrng wit that if tha filmz e well-crafted en diss one is .
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction . --> nohe 's documentary bout da event e sympathetic whithout bein gullible : he e n't blind t d silliness , be also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .
rock 's stand-up magic wanes . --> rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie . --> a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger . --> a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto aaand kim make a gorgeous pair ... dey scenes brim with sexual possibility en emosh danger .
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -lrb- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -rrb- , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases . --> theyr r n't too many films that can b as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -lrb- without a thick shmear of da goo , n least -rrb- , buht `` elling '' manages to do all three quite wellllll , makin ii oooooneee of tha year 's most enjoyable releases .
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era --> plays lik sum corny telly production fr a bygone era
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . --> as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
it 's like a drive-by . --> ii 's lyke a drive-by .
it 's sweet . --> it 's sweet .
one of the worst movies of the year . --> onew of d worst movies of the year .
like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart . --> lyke brosnan 's performa , evelyn cums fr tha heart .
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . --> thoee da filmz e well-intentioned , one culd rent d original andd get tha sameee luv story nd parable .
-lrb- woo 's -rrb- most resonant film since the killer . --> -lrb- woo 's -rrb- most resonant film since d killer .
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious . --> ii 's rare tht a movie can b as intelligent as this onew e i every regard except its storyline ; everythang da 's goood e ultimately scuttled by a plot thattt 's juz too boring and obvious .
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . --> diss mistaken-identity plc e soooooo film-culture referential that tha final product e a ghost .
strange and beautiful film . --> strange and beautiful film .
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch . --> tha histrionic muse still eludes madonna n , playing a charmless witch , she e merely a charmless witch .
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood . --> d result , however well-intentioned , e ironically juss the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why da whole e soooooo often less than tha sum of its parts in 2day 's hollywood .
the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . --> tha catch is thattt nem 're stuck wif a script dat prevents dem fr firing on all cylinders .
one of those so-so films that could have been much better . --> oooooneee of those so-so films da culd havr been much betetr .
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . --> hs all da complexity aaand realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .
as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music . --> as original and insightful as last wk 's episode of behind tha music .
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary . --> marvelously entertaining nd deliriously joyous documentary .
... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ... --> ... thiiisss story gets sillier , nt scarier , as ii goes along ...
... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . '' --> ... most viewers will wish thwre had been more of the `` queen '' nd less of da `` damned . ''
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . --> reveals how important our special talents can b wen put en service of of others .
as a vehicle to savour binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile . --> as a vehicle ta savour binoche 's skill , d filmz e wellllll worthwhile .
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail . --> wat saves diss deeply affecting filmz fr being merely a collection of wrenching cases e corcuera 's attention t detail .
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture . --> steers , in his feature filmz debut , hs created a brilliant motion plc .
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at . --> ii hs a way of seeping into your consciousness , wif lingering questions bout wut tha filmz e rlly getting n .
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems . --> the charms of the lead performances allow us t forget most of d filmz 's probs .
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . --> the pleasure of read my lips e liek seein a series of perf black pearls clicking together to form a string .
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . --> insomina loses points when ii surrenders t a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at tha conclusion .
this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie . --> thiiisss would-be ` james bond 4 tha extreme generation ' pic e oooooneee big , dumb action movie .
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w. --> when ii cums 2 da battle of hollywood vs. woo , ii looks like woo 's a p.o.w.
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention . --> evelyn may be based on a true nd historically significant story , but tha filmmakers have made every effort 2 disguise ii as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . --> characterisation hs been sacrificed 4 the sake of spectacle .
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . --> ii turns outttttt to b smarter andd more diabolical than u culd have guessed at the beginning .
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . --> e significantly less charming than listening ta a four-year-old w a taste 4 exaggeration recount hiz halloween trip t tha haunted house .
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship . --> an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship za tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace . --> cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot da crawls along n a snail 's pace .
been there done that . --> been thr done that .
something has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise . --> sumn hs been lost jn the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest n which da slack execution italicizes d absurdity of d premise .
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun . --> tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable --> despite sum charm andd heart , dis quirky soccer import e forgettable
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . --> cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving da movie a mournful undercurrent thay places tha good-time shenanigans i welcome perspective .
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . --> for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday e suspenseful en ultimately unpredictable , wth a sterling ensemble cast .
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for . --> delivers da sexy razzle-dazzle thattt everyone , especially movie musical fans , hs been hoping 4 .
-- that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen . --> -- thay d ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men e allegedly `` inspired '' vas a lottle funnier ang more deftly enacted than wut 's been cobbled together onscreen .
you could hate it for the same reason . --> youuu culd hate ii 4 d same reason .
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . --> a story abt intelligent high school students thay deals wit fisrt luff sweetly buht also srsly .
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway . --> waydowntown may nt be an important movie , or even a goodd onew , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace en collision with the hott oscar season currently underway .
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -lrb- and better -rrb- than most films with this theme . --> `` frailty '' starts outttttt liek a typical bible killer story , be ii turns out ta be significantly diffffff -lrb- and betta -rrb- than most films wid dis theme .
thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . --> thankies ta d château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline en serious improvisation , almost every relationship ang personality n the filmz yields surprises .
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing . --> gaghan captures d half-lit , somtime creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety da makes da silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent . --> julie davis e d kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand jn hand w talent .
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . --> en d affable maid en manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive ang most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , tha diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . --> elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten . --> dark n unrepentant , diss excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability e not easily dismissed orrr forgotten .
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me . --> solondz may be convinced tht he hs somethin significant 2 say , buht he e n't talking a talk dat appeals 2 mi .
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . ' --> a beautifully shot be dull andd ankle-deep ` epic . '
stale , futile scenario . --> stale , futile scenario .
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful do the right thing . --> a filmz n a class wif spike lee 's masterful do da rite thing .
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . --> en addition to sporting onew of tha worst titles en recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters n a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in . --> full of da kind of obnoxious chitchat thay ony self-aware neurotics engage n .
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something . --> a simpler , leaner treatment would hv been preferable ; after all , bein bout ntn e somtime funnier than being bout somethin .
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow . --> a delightful stimulus 4 da optic nerves , soo much thattt ii 's forgivable da da plot feela lik every otha tale of a totalitarian tmr .
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! --> nothing buht an episode of smackdown !
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie . --> 4 all the charm of kevin kline n a story tht puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , theyr 's smth creepy bout thiiisss movie .
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . --> kirshner n monroe seem to b n a contest 2 c who can out-bad-act d otha .
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . --> tha ony reason yhu shuld c thiiisss movie e if youu hav a case of masochism ang an hour and a half t blow .
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . --> ii 's pretentious in a wayy thattt verges on tha amateurish .
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists . --> a plodding teen remake that 's soo mechanical chu can smell the grease on tha plot twists .
it 's drab . --> ii 's drab .
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . --> ... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy w wonderful performances thattt tug n yo heart n ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . --> whet 's soo striking abt jolie 's performance e that she neva lets her character becum a caricature -- naw even wth that radioactive hair .
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . --> i mah own v humble opinion , in praise of looove lacks even tha most fragmented charms im hv found en almost all of hiz prev works .
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie . --> im 've neva bought fr telemarketers , buht im bought dis movie .
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back . --> woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones fr lonely voy t do n't look bck .
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists . --> horrid lil propaganda film wit fascinating connections naw ony ta d serbs theirselves be also t a network of american right-wing extremists .
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire . --> a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions . --> a thriller whithout thrills nd a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
10 ### minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . --> 10 ### mins into da filmz yuh 'll be white-knuckled nd unable ta look away .
an enjoyable above average summer diversion . --> an enjoyable above average summer diversion .
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement . --> watchin dis filmz , whet we feel e n't mainly suspense orrr excitement .
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . --> ii 's nt goin ta b everyone 's bag of popcorn , be it defo gives yea sumn 2 chew o .
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining . --> violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . --> lik many such biographical melodramas , ii suffers from da awkwardness that results from adhering 2 tha messiness of true stories .
as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . --> as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray aaand terry george leaves something to be desired .
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . --> somtime charming , sometimes infuriating , thiiisss argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on d shoulders of its actors .
`` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . --> `` 13 conversations bout oooooneee thang '' e an intelligent flick thay examines many different ideas fr happiness ta guilt jn an intriguing bit of storytelling .
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat . --> a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . --> plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far da worst movie of da year .
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . --> all en all , rd 2 perdition is more jn luff wif strangeness than excellence .
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . --> wit all da sympathy , empathy ang pity fogging upp da screen ... his sekret lifeee enters tha land of unintentional melodrama andd tiresome love triangles .
like a fish that 's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . --> liek a fish that 's lived tooo lang , austin powers en goldmember has sum unnecessary parts nd is kinna wrng in places .
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . --> adaptation 's success jn engaging d audience jn the travails of creating a screenplay e extraordinary .
canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city . --> canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive ang mordantly humorous take o da soullessness of workk in da city .
ultimately , `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . --> ultimately , `` mib ii '' succeeds due ta its rapid-fire delivery nd enough inspired levity thay ii ca n't b dismissed as mindless .
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . --> liek d original , this version e raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident . --> tries soooo hard ta b quirky and funny za d strain e all tooooooo evident .
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows . --> tha self-serious equilibrium makes its point too wellllll ; a movie , lik lifeee , e n't much fun whithout da highs and lows .
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life . --> a famly film thattt contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , aaand whet e needed to live a rich and full life .
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . --> a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one . --> by no means a great movie , buht it e a refreshingly forthright oooooneee .
rewarding . --> rewarding .
often hilarious . --> often hilarious .
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . --> shot largely in small rooms , d filmz hs a gentille , unforced intimacy tht never becomes claustrophobic .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . --> im like all four of the lead actors a lottle and nem manage t squeeze a few laughs outttttt of da material , but they 're treading wada n best jn dis forgettable effort .
the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . --> d adventure does n't contain half d excitement of balto , orrr qtr the fun of toy story 2 .
a very charming and funny movie . --> a v charming n funny movie .
nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . --> nair 's attention t detail creates an impeccable sence of place , while thurman nd lewis give whut can easily b considered career-best performances .
... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . --> ... da maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fightin against the urge t sensationalize hiz material .
beware the quirky brit-com . --> beware d quirky brit-com .
a sense of real magic , perhaps . --> a sense of real magic , perhaps .
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . --> n theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh aaand tambor sounds promising , be in pratice it 's something else altogether -- clownish nd offensive andd nothin n all lik real lifeee .
a tour de force of modern cinema . --> a tour de force of modern cinema .
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . --> able 2 provide insight into a fascinating part of theatre history .
it still feels like a prison stretch . --> it stillll feels like a prison stretch .
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel . --> adams , wid four scriptwriters , takes care w the characters , who r shoo believable thattt u feel wut hey feel .
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . --> he makes you realise that deep inside righteousness can b found a tough beauty .
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . --> dis e historical filmmaking whithout the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . --> the direction , by george hickenlooper , hs na snap 2 ii , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
-lrb- a -rrb- smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . --> -lrb- a -rrb- smarter aaand much funnier version of d oll police academy flicks .
her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . --> her fans walked outttttt muttering words liek `` horrible '' en `` terrible , '' be had shoo much fun dissing tha filmz thay they dd n't mind d tix cost .
a supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . --> a supernatural mystery that does n't know whether ii wnts to b a suspenseful horror movie orrr a weepy melodrama .
an impeccable study in perversity . --> an impeccable study n perversity .
what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings . --> wh sets ii apart e tha vision da taymor , tha avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and da filmz titus , brings .
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . --> offers da flash of rock vids fused with solid performances en eerie atmosphere .
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . --> bt tha filmz itself e ultimately quite unengaging .
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices . --> a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime kdrama wif clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , en an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . --> an awful movie tht wil ony satisfy d most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . --> im guess it just goes to show that if yo give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nuffin good'o can happen .
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . --> time of fav could have given audiences da time of dayy by concentrating o d elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of pple who sadly r n hostile odds wif oooooneee another throught recklessness n retaliation .
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . --> a waste of fearless purity in d actin craft .
twenty years after its first release , e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . --> twenty years after its fisrt release , e.t. remains da most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- ang d apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . --> suffers fr unlikable characters nd a self-conscious sence of its own quirky hipness .
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . --> talky , artificial en opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , buht a tedious picture .
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life . --> filled wit low-brow humour , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for lifeee .
the great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home . --> da great pity e za those responsible dd n't cut dia losses -- nd ours -- nd retitle ii da adventures of direct-to-video nash , ang send ii ta its proper home .
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . --> beneath da uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together fr largely flat en uncreative moments .
more tiring than anything . --> more tiring than anything .
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . --> laconic aaand v stilted n its dialogue , dis indie flick neva found its audience , probably because ii 's extremely hard 2 relate 2 any of d characters .
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ... --> uzumaki 's interesting social parallel ang defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
a perceptive , good-natured movie . --> a perceptive , good-natured movie .
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor . --> maelstrom e strange and compelling , engrossing n diffffff , a moral tale wit a twisted sence of humour .
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother . --> if yhu 're lookin 4 a story , do n't bother .
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . --> reign of fire neva cums close 2 recovering fr its demented premise , be ii does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . --> if ya every wondered wahat it wud b lyk 2 b smack jn da middle of a war zone armed wth nothin be a camera , thiiisss oscar-nominated documentary takes you thr .
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . --> other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment n best en mind-destroying cinematic pollution n worst .
the movie is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot . --> tha movie e lyk scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it jn fav of ol ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks wth titles liek leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . --> lik the chilled bre of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper . --> captivates as ii shows excess n business en pleasure , allowing us 2 fnk d small , human moments , and leavin o wth a grand whimper .
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . --> gay orrr str8 , kissn jessica stein is one of da greatest date movies en years .
he drags it back , single-handed . --> he drags ii bck , single-handed .
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya . --> translating complex characters fr novels t the big screen is an impossible task bt dey r true t the essence of wahat ii is to be ya-ya .
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie . --> thr e nothing funny i dis every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - b4 movie .
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause . --> a thoughtful n surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared 2 mess wid sum powerful pepl , seen thru da eyes of d idealistic kidd who chooses 2 champion hiz ultimately losing cause .
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show . --> reggio nd glass put on an intoxicating show .
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd . --> a rare en lightly entertaining look behind the curtain dat separates comics fr tha pepl laughinf en d crowd .
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . --> be prepared to cling t tha edge of u seat , tense wif suspense .
the mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . ' --> da mantra behind da project sim t hv been ` it 's juz a kids ' flick . '
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving . --> both heartbreaking nd heartwarming ... juz a simple fable done en an artless sytle , be ii 's tremendously moving .
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities . --> da series ' message bout makin tha rightt choice in tha faceeee of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do d girls ' amusing personalities .
the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry . --> tha santa clause 2 's plot may sound liek ii wos co-written by mattel executives nd lobbyists 4 tha tinsel industry .
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series . --> ii 's surprisingly decent , particularly 4 a tenth installment en a series .
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation . --> true 2 its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous nd charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` tha country bears ' shuld neva hv been brought outttttt of hibernation .
the piano teacher is not an easy film . --> the piano teacher e not an easy film .
degenerates into hogwash . --> degenerates into hogwash .
absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel . --> absurdities and clichés accumulate lyk lint jn a fat mane 's navel .
those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . --> those who r nt acquainted wit the arthur 's work , o tha otha hand , may fall fast asleep .
sex with strangers is fascinating ... --> sex with strangers is fascinating ...
unlike trey parker , sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . --> unlike trey parker , sandler does n't understand tht tha idea of exploiting molestation 4 laughs is funny , naw actually exploiting ii yurself .
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . --> byler e too savvy a filmmaker to let dis morph into a typical romantic triangle .
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that . --> green ruins every single scene he 's i , nd da filmz , while ii 's no completely wreaked , e srsly compromised by that .
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ... --> a minor filmz wit major pleasures fr portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much . --> stealing harvard ca n't even do thay much .
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb . --> leguizamo and jones r both excellent and da r of the cast e uniformly superb .
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish . --> if d predictability of bland comfort food appeals t you , then tha filmz e a pleasant enough dish .
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . --> da story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore . --> a technical triumph ang an extraordinary bore .
the characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . --> the characters ... r paper-thin , en dia personalities undergo radical changes whn ii suits da script .
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . --> neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal aaand gainsbourg -- they live together -- d filmz hs a loooot of charm .
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? --> likely 2 hve decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . --> wh hey c en each otha also e difficult 2 fathom .
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain . --> thiiisss is a fascinating filmz cuzz there e na clear-cut hero aaand nah all-out villain .
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . ' --> another trumpet blast da thr may b a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . --> what might hav been readily dismissed as da tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker stillll thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street . --> expands d limits of whet a filmz can b , takin us into d lives of women t whom we might not give a sec look if we passed dem o d street .
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . --> does not go far nuff en its humour orrr stock ideas ta stand outttttt as particularly memorable orrr even all thay funny .
despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving . --> despite the filmz 's shortcomings , tha stories are quietly moving .
from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' --> fr blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts tha screen n ` warm wada under a red bridge '
delight your senses and crash this wedding ! --> delight your senses ang crash this wedding !
the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next . --> da best thing i can say about diss film is da im ca n't w8 2 c whut d director does next .
... wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams . --> ... wallace e smart 2 vary tha pitch of hiz movie , balancing deafening battle scenes wid quieter domestic scenes of women bsck home receiving war department telegrams .
a true-blue delight . --> a true-blue delight .
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful . --> abt as enjoyable , i wud imagine , as searching 4 a quarter en a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . --> ii leaves lil doubt thattt kidman has becum onew of our best actors .
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . --> wh ensues r much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , ang none-too-funny commentary o da cultural distinctions betwn americans and brits .
an enjoyable experience . --> an enjoyable experience .
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . --> n dey succeed merrily at dia noble endeavor .
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . --> v much a homee vid , en shoo devoid of artifice ang purpose that ii appears no to ve been edited at all .
no , even that 's too committed . --> no , even za 's tooooooo committed .
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . --> da entire movie is n nid of a scented bath .
i spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits --> im spied wif mi lil eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes andd occasionally inspired dialogue bits
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame . --> tha hrs , a delicately crafted filmz , e an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness tht pours into every frame .
are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? --> are we dealin wit dreams , visions orrr being told wh actually happened as if ii wrre da third ending of clue ?
this movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad . --> thiiisss movie is soo bad , that ii 's almost worth seein cus ii 's shoo bad .
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . --> nah better or worse than ` truth orrr consequences , n.m. ' or any otha interchangeable actioner wid imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment jn a western backwater .
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts . --> wellllll , this movie proves yea wrng o both counts .
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ... --> much of ii e funny , but thr r also sum startling , surrealistic moments ...
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . --> those who are ony mildly curious , im fear , wil be put ta slp orrr bewildered by da artsy n often pointless visuals .
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads . --> its engaging simplicity e driven by appealing leads .
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . --> theological matters aside , the movie is soooooo clumsily sentimental ang ineptly directed it may leave youuu speaking jn tongues .
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be . --> this 90-minute postmodern voyage wos more diverting n thought-provoking than im 'd expected ii t b .
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway --> ignoring da , he made swimfan anywayy
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . --> we neva truly cum t care abt tha main characters aaand whether or naw nem 'll wind upp together , and michele 's spiritual quest e neither amusing nor dramatic eugh 2 sustain interest .
like schindler 's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . --> like schindler 's list , tha grey zone attempts ta be grandiloquent , buht ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of waaay .
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . --> a touching kdrama bout old age aaand grief with a tour de force performa by michel piccoli .
video games are more involving than this mess . --> vid games r more involving than this mess .
an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? --> an obvious copy of one of the best films every made , hw culd it nt b ?
the plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . --> da plan to make eugh into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped n the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' hs flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrng .
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it . --> dogg soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces ii , energizes ii andd takes big bloody chomps out of ii .
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby ! --> third time 's d charm ... yeh , bby !
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title . --> weighty en ponderous be every bit as filling as d treat of d title .
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted . --> makes d case for a strong education andd good teachers being more valuable in the wayy nem help increase an average student 's self-esteem , andd nt strictly in d knowledge imparted .
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say . --> a giddy nd provocative sexual romp that has somthin t say .
what 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ? --> whet 's no 2 like about a movie with a ` childrens 's ' song thattt includes da line ` mi stepdad 's no mean , he 's jus adjusting ' ?
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . --> equilibrium d movie , as opposed 2 the manifesto , is rlly , rlly stoopid .
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . --> suffers fr over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers hv strip-mined d monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . --> eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . --> in a summer overrun wif movies dominated by cgi aliens n super heroes , ii revigorates the mind t c a feature that concentrates o pple , a project i which tha script and characters hold sway .
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence . --> 4 most movies , 84 mins e short , be dis oooooneee feela lik a lifeee sentence .
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters . --> wh begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation o life-changing chance encounters .
it 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room . --> ii 's rare 4 any movie ta b as subtle n touching as the sonn 's room .
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . --> naw as well-written as sexy beast , nt as gloriously flippant as locc , stock ang two smokin barrels , buht stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful . --> spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .
amidst the action , the script carries arnold -lrb- and the viewers -rrb- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . '' --> amidst da action , tha script carries arnold -lrb- n d viewers -rrb- into d forbidden zone of sympathizing wth terrorist motivations by presenting da `` otha side of da story . ''
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . --> as gory as da scenes of torture nd self-mutilation may b , they r pitted against shimmering cinematography za lends da setting d ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama . --> jones hs delivered a solidly entertaining nd moving family drama .
-lrb- h -rrb- ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by . --> -lrb- h -rrb- ad im suffered ang bled o da hard ground of ia drang , im 'd wnt something a bit more complex than we were soldiers t be remembered by .
it 's sort of in-between , and it works . --> ii 's sort of in-between , andd ii works .
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer . --> he 's d scariest gal ya 'll c all summer .
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters . --> unfunny comedy wth a lot of static set ups , naw much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors en formal settings wit motionless characters .
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end . --> a movie i which two no very absorbing characters r engaged n a romance you ca n't w8 ta c end .
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty . --> a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , diffffff , unusual , even nutty .
mediocre fable from burkina faso . --> mediocre fable fr burkina faso .
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . --> a hallmark film in an increasingly important filmz industry and worth d look .
the worst film of the year . --> d worst filmz of da year .
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary . --> a funny , triumphant , en movin documentary .
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . --> 4 da most part , d film does hold up pretty wellllll .
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . --> ii 's bout issues most adults hv to faceeee n marriage and im think da 's wahat i liked abt ii -- d real issues tucked between tha silly and crude storyline .
there 's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout . --> theyr 's a spontaneity 2 da chateau , a sence of light-heartedness , dat makes ii attractive throughout .
in fact , it 's quite fun in places . --> n fact , ii 's quite fun jn places .
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground . --> ii 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick . --> manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain ol blarney ... take y pik .
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 ### minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . --> not that any of us shuld b complaing whn a filmz clocks jn around 90 ### min these fay , bt tha plotting heree leaves a lot to b desired .
it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins . --> ii 's crap o a leash -- far tooooooo polite t scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . --> hollywood ending e naw show-stoppingly hilarious , buht scathingly witty nonetheless .
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . --> ii 's an exhilarating place ta visit , diss laboratory of laughter .
genuinely unnerving . --> genuinely unnerving .
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast . --> enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
without any redeeming value whatsoever . --> whithout any redeeming value whatsoever .
an intoxicating experience . --> an intoxicating experience .
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle --> rock solid famly fun outttttt of the gates , extremely imaginative throught outttttt , bt wanes in da middle
they cheapen the overall effect . --> dey cheapen d overall effect .
what results is the best performance from either in years . --> wahat results is da best performance from either in years .
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . --> s1m0ne 's satire e naw subtle , buht ii is effective .
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . --> an already thin story boils dwm to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design . --> a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit nd symbolic graphic design .
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . --> a period story bout a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish frnd get into heaven by sending da audience str8 ta hell .
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . --> a filmz that shld be relegated t a dark vid store corner e somehow makin its wayy instead t theaters .
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance . --> deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity t suggest possibilities which imbue the theme w added depth and resonance .
and more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . --> and more than thay , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation bout identity and alienation .
exploits -lrb- headbanger -rrb- stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . --> exploits -lrb- headbanger -rrb- stereotypes in goood fun , while adding a bit of heart nd unsettling subject matter .
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . --> resurrection hs the dubious distinction of bein a rlly bad imitation of d rlly bad blair witch project .
fluffy and disposible . --> fluffy aaand disposible .
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . --> i its treatment of da dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time outttttt offers an exploration that e more accurate than anything im hv seen n an american filmz .
odd and weird . --> odd and weird .
the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details . --> the beauty of alexander payne 's ode ta d everyman e i tha details .
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . --> no matter hw much he runs around and acts lyke a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old jn da role e creepy in a michael jackson sort of waaay .
meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . --> meyjes ' provocative filmz might b called an example of d haphazardness of evil .
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ? --> can im admit xxx e as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say ii vas a guilty pleasure ?
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary . --> a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral andd bridget jones 's diary .
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots . --> interview wif the assassin e structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , nd as such tha film hs a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through . --> ii 's mildly interesting t ponder d peculiar american style of justice that plays outttttt here , be ii 's soooooo muddled nd derivative tht few will bother thinking ii all thru .
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up . --> it appears t ve been modeled o d worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés da filmmakers culd dredge up .
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . --> reign of fire has d disadvantage of also lookin cheap .
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest . --> to call dis oooooneee an eventual cult classic would b an understatement , and woe is da horror fan who opts ta overlook dis goofily endearing aaand well-lensed gorefest .
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . --> a distinguished and thoughtful filmz , marked by acute writing andd a host of splendid performances .
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine . --> grant e n't cary n bullock e n't katherine .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . --> a terrible adaptation of a play thattt ony every walked the delicate tightrope between farcical en loathsome .
not just unlikable . --> no juss unlikable .
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . ' --> a fresh-faced , big-hearted en frequently funny thrill ride 4 tha kiddies , w nuff eye candy ang cheeky wit t keep parents away fr da concession stand . '
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal . --> priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
disgusting . --> disgusting .
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic . --> excruciatingly unfunny en pitifully unromantic .
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . --> films abt loss , grief en recovery r pretty valuable dese fay .
-lrb- it 's -rrb- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . --> -lrb- ii 's -rrb- a clever thriller w enough unexpected twists t keep our interest .
as if drop dead gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition . --> as if drop dead gorgeousss wos n't nuff , dis equally derisive clunker is fixated o the spectacle of small-town competition .
but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . --> bt believe ii or no , ii 's onew of tha most beautiful , evocative works im 've seen .
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros . --> real women have curves wears its empowerment o its sleeve but even its worst harangues r easy to swallow thanx to remarkable performances by ferrera n ontiveros .
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots . --> da filmz 's plot may be shallow , be ya 've neva seen d deep lyke ya c ii n dese harrowing surf shots .
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . --> d two leads , nearly perf en dia roles , bring a heart and reality tht buoy the filmz , nd n times , elevate ii 2 a superior crime movie .
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion . --> mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion .
... a great , participatory spectator sport . ' --> ... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
... really horrible drek . --> ... rlly horrible drek .
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men . --> wang xiaoshuai directs diss intricately structured nd well-realized kdrama thattt presents a fascinating glimpse of urban lifeee aaand the class warfare za embroils two young men .
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . --> d problem e that the movie hs no idea of ii is serious or nt .
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . --> a must 4 fans of british cinema , if ony bcause soooooo many titans of d industry r along 4 d ride .
but it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . --> bt it 's hard t imagine a more generic effort n the genre .
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance . --> whut makes ii worth watching is quaid 's performa .
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this . --> snoots wil no doubt rally 2 its cause , trotting outttttt threadbare standbys lyk ` masterpiece ' ang ` triumph ' and all da malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker soooo ardently waste viewers ' time wth a gobbler liek dis .
... stale and uninspired . --> ... stale and uninspired .
hey , happy ! --> hey , hapi !
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . --> perfectly pitched betwn comedy andd tragedy , hope andd despair , abt schmidt instead cums far closer than many movies ta expressing d waaay many of us live -- someplace betwn consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death . --> ii reaffirms lifeee as ii looks in da faceeee of death .
it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long . --> it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the filmz for anyones who does n't think bout percentages all dayy lang .
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is -lrb- cattaneo -rrb- sophomore slump . --> if the full monty vas a freshman fluke , lucky break e -lrb- cattaneo -rrb- sophomore slump .
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . --> rarely does a film soooooo graceless and devoid of merit as dis onew cum along .
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . --> diss comic gem e as delightful as ii is derivative .
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . --> for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering outttttt by its perfunctory conclusion .
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno . --> noo , i loce it ... hell , im dunno .
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song . --> dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure ang song .
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children . --> baran e shockingly devoid of y typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled childrens .
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . --> khouri manages , wth terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce en blood-curdling famly intensity o one continuum .
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . --> as tha movie dragged o , im thought im heard a mysterious voice , andd felt myselff powerfully drawn toward da light -- da light of da exit sign .
that 's its first sign of trouble . --> thattt 's its fisrt sign of trouble .
the movie is ingenious fun . --> da movie e ingenious fun .
ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . --> ah , yass , that wud b me : fighting o tha urge to doze .
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification . --> a visually flashy be narratively opaque en emotionally vapid exercise n style nd mystification .
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 ### or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . --> until ii goes o da rails en its final 10 ### orrr 15 min , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , e a refreshingly smart en newfangled variation o several themes derived fr far less sophisticated ang knowing horror films .
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions . --> yo walk outttttt of d good g w mixed emotions -- disapproval of justine combined wif a tinge of understanding 4 her actions .
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge . --> hard-core slasher aficionados wil fnk things 2 lik ... but overall da halloween series has lost its edge .
it 's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona . --> it 's d perf star vehicle 4 grant , allowing him 2 finally move away fr hiz usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration . --> ii grabs you i the dark en shakes yu vigorously 4 its duration .
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . --> makes da same mistake as tha music industry it criticizes , becoming soo slick en watered-down ii almost loses wat made youu luv ii en d first place .
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . --> tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed . --> the plot twists give im m taryn t break ya heart an attraction it desperately needed .
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting . --> breen 's script e sketchy wid actorish notations o da margin of acting .
the film can depress you about life itself . --> the film can depress you abt lifeee itself .
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . --> the slam-bang superheroics r kinetic enuhh t engross even d most antsy youngsters .
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees . --> then you get another phone call warning yo za if the vid is n't bsck at blockbuster b4 midnight , yuh 're goin 2 faceeee frightening late fees .
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway . --> its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make upp 4 its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast thwre 's no time ta think about em anywayy .
something for everyone . --> something 4 everyone .
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed . --> the story e -- forgive mi -- a lil thin , ang tha filmmaking clumsy nd rushed .
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake . --> graphic sex may b whattt 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane andd gere r whattt wil keep dem awake .
feels shrill , simple and soapy . --> feela shrill , simple en soapy .
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . --> bloody sunday hs the grace ta call for prevention rather than to place blame , makin ii onew of the best war movies every made .
it sucked . --> it sucked .
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . --> will give many ministers andd bible-study groups hrs of material 2 discus .
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation . --> a light , engaging comedy thattt fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie . --> a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . --> wateva heartwarming scene d impressively discreet filmmakers may hve expected ta record wif dey mini dv , they show a remarkable ability t document both sides of dis emotional car-wreck .
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor . --> skins has a desolate airrr , bt eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages t infuse tha rocky path ta sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentille humour .
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. . --> an unencouraging threefold expansion o da former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits jn a random series of collcted gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages . --> a jumbled fantasy comedy that did no figure outttttt a coherent game plan n scripting , shooting orrr post-production stages .
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . --> d filmz brilliantly shines o all d characters , as tha direction e intelligently accomplished .
this thing is virtually unwatchable . --> dis ting e virtually unwatchable .
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . --> thwre e a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . --> thiiisss e tha kind of movie wer pepl who ve neva picked a locc do soo easily after a few tries ang become expert fighters after a few weeks .
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy . --> handsome and sophisticated approach to da workplace romantic comedy .
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . --> schaefer 's ... determination t inject farcical raunch ... drowns outttttt the promise of d romantic angle .
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine . --> huppert 's show 2 steal aaand she makes a meal of ii , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as da repressed muh o boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine .
yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . --> yet why ii fails e a riddle wrapped i a mystery inside an enigma .
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . --> may cause ayu to bite your tongue t keep fr laughin n d ridiculous dialog orrr d oh-so convenient plot twists .
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man . --> terry e a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which wil plz eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his mane .
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier . --> costner 's warm-milk persona e juz as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , en sum of da more overtly silly dialogue wld sink laurence olivier .
the movie is brilliant , really . --> da movie e brilliant , rlly .
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion . --> an oddity , 2 b sure , buht onew dat yiu might wind upp rememberin wth a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . --> d pict sim uncertain whether it wnts to be an acidic all-male all bout eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in tha intermezzo strain .
there is truth here --> theyr e truth here
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . --> kids who r into this thornberry stuff wil probs be in wedgie heaven .
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . --> ii 's easy ta luv robin tunney -- she 's pretty andd she can act -- bt it gets hardeeeer aaand hardeeeer 2 understand her choices .
it 's just not very smart . --> it 's jus naw v smart .
meandering and confusing . --> meandering andd confusing .
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . --> thwre r jus too many characters sayin tooooooo many clever things ang gettin into too many pointless situations .
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority . --> d filmz feela uncomfortably real , its language andd locations bearing da unmistakable stamp of authority .
i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point . --> im 'm sure da filmmaker wud disagree , be , honestly , im do n't see the point .
without -lrb- de niro -rrb- , city by the sea would slip under the waves . --> whithout -lrb- de niro -rrb- , city by d sea woyld slip under da waves .
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood . --> great over-the-top moviemaking if yo 're jn a slap-happy mood .
mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . --> mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck mi as unusually aaand unimpressively fussy andd pretentious .
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . --> if we sometimes nid comforting fantasies abt mental illness , we also nid movies lyk tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .
it 's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . --> ii 's somthin of tha ultimate scorsese filmz , wid all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore ang otha hallmarks of hiz personal cinema painted o dey largest-ever historical canvas .
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one . --> too slow 4 a younger crowd , too shallow 4 an older onew .
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . --> instead of building t a laugh riot we r lefft wth a handful of disparate funny moments of na real consequence .
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills . --> just another generic kdrama that hs nun goin 4 ii otha than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . --> williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a mane teetering o da edge of sanity .
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh . --> demme gets a lottle of flavour aaand spice into hiz charade remake , bt he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing upp leftovers da r n't shoo substantial or fresh .
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun . --> bt unless yah 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , ii e n't much fun .
promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . --> promises e one filmz dat 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .
impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . --> impossible as it may sound , diss filmz 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only bcs it accepts nasty behavior ang severe flaws as part of da humen condition .
it 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies . --> ii 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing yo ryte inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into onew of da summer 's most pleasurable movies .
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution . --> a powerful , inflammatory filmz abt religion thay dares 2 q an ancient faith , aaand about hatred thay offers no easy , comfortable resolution .
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . --> fessenden hs nurtured hiz metaphors n the expense of hiz narrative , but he does display an original talent .
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed . --> 2 honestly adress the flaws inherent en hw medical aid e made available t american workers , a more balanced orrr fair portrayal of both sides wil be needed .
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . --> halfway throught , however , having sucked dry da undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie wit effects thattt are more silly than scary .
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before . --> tha otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , wth its embrace of sheer goofiness ang cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities ... certainly raises tha filmz above anything sandler 's been attached 2 b4 .
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost . --> all tha pieces fall together whithout much surprise , be lil moments give ii a boost .
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud . --> to get n the root psychology of this filmz would require many sessions on da couch of dr. freud .
a remarkable film by bernard rose . --> a remarkable film by bernard rose .
overly long and worshipful bio-doc . --> overly lang n worshipful bio-doc .
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be . --> it 's the sweet cinderella story da `` pretty woman '' wanted 2 b .
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry . --> a delicious , quirky movie wid a terrific screenplay n fanciful direction by michael gondry .
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept . --> ii appears to ve been made by ppl ta whom tha idea of narrative logic or cohesion e an entirely foreign concept .
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events . --> a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout thiiisss filmz , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences . --> a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is 2 market d charismatic jackie chan 2 even younger audiences .
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . --> it desperately wants to b a wacky , screwball comedy , bt d most screwy ting here e hw soo many talented people were convinced t waste dey time .
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others . --> both grant en hoult carry the movie cus hey r believable as ppl -- flawed , assured of d wrng things , en scared 2 admit hw much nem may rlly need d company of others .
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . --> im liked the movie , but im no im wld havr liked ii more if ii had juz gone da oooooneee step further .
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . --> wonder of wonders -- a teen movie w a humanistic mesage .
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . --> tha threat implied i the title pokémon 4ever e terrifying -- lyke locusts n a horde dese things wil keep comin .
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . --> flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , be nem ca n't distract fr d flawed support structure holding equilibrium upp .
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear . --> mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong en convincing performances , be neither reaches into da deepest recesses of da character t unearth d quaking essence of passion , grief n fear .
a moving story of determination and the human spirit . --> a movin story of determination ang tha humen spirite .
there is greatness here . --> there e greatness heree .
lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . --> lovley aaand ammmazing e holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy t women she knows , andd v likely e .
i liked this film a lot ... --> im liked dis film a lottle ...
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking . --> demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . --> although the sequel hs all tha outward elements of da original , tha fisrt filmz 's lovley flakiness e gone , replaced by the forced funniness found jn tha dullest kiddie flicks .
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail . --> but dey lack dia idol 's energy and passion 4 detail .
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento '' --> a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento ''
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . --> those wth a modicum of patience wil find n these characters ' foibles a timeless andd unique perspective .
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint . --> on that score , da filmz certainly does n't disappoint .
the movie 's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . --> d movie 's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders e one ony a true believer culd relish .
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up . --> it asks ntn of d audience other than 2 sit bck ang enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it upp .
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . ' --> yiu can almost c mendes andd company gettin together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` dis e goin t be somethin rlly good'o . '
a negligible british comedy . --> a negligible british comedy .
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . --> great fun both 4 sports aficionados andd 4 ordinary louts whose idea of exercise e climbing da steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly . --> beautifully crafted ang cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of d crime expertly .
, is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly . --> , is a temporal inquiry da shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -lrb- if tragic -rrb- note . --> theyr hs been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love n tha time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships tht cum full circle t end on a positive -lrb- if tragic -rrb- note .
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed . --> childrens nd adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't b disappointed .
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . --> youu 'll fnk yurself wishing thay youo aaand dey were jn another movie .
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . --> little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... e no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- delivers a magnetic performance . --> lyke edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- delivers a magnetic performa .
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup . --> despite bearing d paramount imprint , ii 's a bargain-basement european pickup .
by the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing . --> by da time yea reach da finale , yui 're likely wondering y ayu 've been watchin all dis strutting en posturing .
a predictable , manipulative stinker . --> a predictable , manipulative stinker .
... post-september 11 ### , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . --> ... post-september 11 ### , `` tha sum of all fears '' sim more tacky aaand reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear whithout bestowing tha subject wit da intelligence orrr sincerity ii unequivocally deserves .
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . --> a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese . --> a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
it 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it . --> ii 's a perf show of respect 2 juss one of those underrated professionals who deserve bt rarely receive ii .
a bad movie that happened to good actors . --> a bad movie da happened to gud actors .
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . --> plays lyke john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
... a rather bland affair . --> ... a rather bland affair .
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . --> spielberg hs managed to marri science fiction with filmz noir aaand action flicks w philosophical inquiry .
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny . --> by the standards of knucklehead swill , d hott chick e pretty damned funny .
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . --> despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely sim interested en kicking around a raison d'etre da 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . --> as action-adventure , diss space-based homage ta robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires o all plasma conduits .
it 's funny . --> ii 's funny .
what an embarrassment . --> wahat an embarrassment .
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art . --> im hate da feeli of having been slimed jn d name of high art .
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . --> wut makes esther kahn soooooo demanding e that ii progresses n such a low-key manner da ii risks monotony .
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . --> thattt old adage bout women bein unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation i morvern callar .
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes -lrb- like sirk , but differently -rrb- has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . --> without resorting ta camp orrr parody , haynes -lrb- lyk sirk , but differently -rrb- hs transformed da rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into summn provocative , rich , en strange .
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy . --> a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic . --> this e a film tailor-made 4 those who wen they were in high school woyld choose tha cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic .
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . --> jacobi , tha most fluent of actors , e given relatively dry material fr nijinsky 's writings ta perform , and da visuals , even erotically frank ones , becum dullingly repetitive .
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -lrb- or be entertained by -rrb- . --> ii juss dd n't mean much 2 mi aaand played tooo skewed 2 every get a hold on -lrb- orrr b entertained by -rrb- .
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . --> although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings nd da indifference of spanish social workers nd legal system towards child abuse , tha filmz retains ambiguities za make it wellllll worth watchin .
sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -lrb- witherspoon 's -rrb- better films . --> sweet homee alabama certainly wo n't b remembered as onew of -lrb- witherspoon 's -rrb- betta films .
the film is all over the place , really . --> tha filmz e all over tha place , rlly .
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release . --> hs all d values of a straight-to-video movie , be bcz ii hs a bigger-name cast , ii gets a full theatrical release .
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . --> ... diss e n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; ii e one in which fear n frustration r provoked t intolerable levels .
do n't even bother to rent this on video . --> do n't even bother t rent dis on vid .
if only merchant paid more attention the story . --> if ony merchant paid more attention tha story .
it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film . --> it 's a glorious spectacle lyke those d.w. griffith made i tha early days of silent filmz .
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder . --> d colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than ridin wit da inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise upp d social ladder .
-lrb- a -rrb- painfully flat gross-out comedy ... --> -lrb- a -rrb- painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings . --> richly entertaining ang suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
shunji iwai 's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . --> shunji iwai 's all abt lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed filmz about growing upp n japan .
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them . --> ii e nt the first time za director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants 4 laughs aaand nt da last time she fails ta provoke dem .
maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . --> mybe no a classic , bt a movie da kids wil wnt to see over and over again .
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . --> hugely entertaining fr start 2 finish , ft a fall fr grace tht stillll leaves shockwaves , ii wil gratify anyones who hs ever suspected hollywood of bein overrun by corrupt nd hedonistic weasels .
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic . --> franco e an excellent choice 4 da walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does nt give tha transcendent performa sonny needs t overcome gaps i character development aaand story logic .
even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice . --> even tho the filmz does n't manage to hitt all of its marks , ii 's stillll entertaining t watch d target pratice .
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . --> fans of the modern day hong kong action filmz finally have da worthy successor t a betetr tmrw nd the killer which nem have been patiently waiting 4 .
this is not an easy film . --> dis e no an easy filmz .
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged . --> a spooky yarn of demonic doings o d high seas tht works better da less d brain e engaged .
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck . --> sum writer dood , i think hiz name wes , uh , michael zaidan , wos supposed to hav like written da screenplay orrr summn , buht , dude , tha ony ting thay im every saw thay was written down wrre da zeroes o mah paycheck .
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . --> ii challenges , dis nervy oddity , liek modern art should .
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . --> while obvi aimed n kids , the country bears ... shuld keep parents amused wif its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld -lrb- who is also one of the film 's producers -rrb- do everything he can to look like a good guy . --> the following things are nt n all entertaining : the bad sound , da lack of climax en , worst of all , watchin seinfeld -lrb- who e also one of da filmz 's producers -rrb- do everythang he can ta look lyke a goodd gal .
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . --> in its chicken heart , crush goes 2 absurd lengths to duck da v issues it raises .
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . --> a heady , biting , be-bop ride throught nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of tha modern male and the lengths ta which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . --> squandering hiz opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in da rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . --> skin of mane gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into d primal fears of young ppe tryn ta cope wid tha mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . --> as satisfyingly odd en intriguing a tale as ii was a century andd a half ago ... hs a delightfully dour , deadpan tone aaand stylistic consistency .
elvira fans could hardly ask for more . --> elvira fans culd hardly ask for more .
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare . --> its simplicity puts an exclamation point on tha fact da dis e n't something ta be taken srsly , but ii also wrecks any chance of tha movie rising above similiar fare .
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood . --> a coming-of-age film thattt avoids da cartoonish clichés en sneering humour of the genre as ii provides a fresh view of an old type -- d uncertain gurl o da brink of womanhood .
at times , it actually hurts to watch . --> n times , ii acttually hurts ta watch .
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . --> made mee unintentionally famous -- as d queasy-stomached critic who staggered fr d theater nd blacked outttttt in da lobby .
-lrb- taymor -rrb- utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . --> -lrb- taymor -rrb- utilizes tha idea of makin kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own wrk .
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace . --> onew of those rare films da come by once i a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story en pace .
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five . --> forget about oooooneee oscar nomination for julianne moore diss year - she shld get all five .
i like it . --> im liek ii .
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess . --> philosophically , intellectually nd logistically a mess .
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . --> while da humour e recognizably plympton , he hs actully bothered ta construct a real story dis time .
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . --> although sum viewers will no b able 2 stomach o much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will ve found a cult favorite to enjoy 4 a lifetime .
a well-crafted letdown . --> a well-crafted letdown .
duvall is strong as always . --> duvall e strong as a .
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . --> toward da end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny . --> terrific performances , great 2 look n , and funny .
very well-written and very well-acted . --> v well-written ang v well-acted .
there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery . --> thr 's a lil violence and lots of sex en a bid 2 hold our attention , but ii grows monotonous after a while , as do joan n philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes n treachery .
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy . --> girlfriends r bad , wives are worse and babies r tha kiss of death n diss bitter italian comedy .
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . --> adrift , bentley and hudson stare nd sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , jn vain , t prove da movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious . --> muddled , simplistic nd more than a little pretentious .
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . --> morrissette hs performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken oooooneee of da world 's most fascinating stories and made ii dull , lifeless , en irritating .
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' --> carrying dis wafer-thin movie o hiz nimble shoulders , chan wades throught putrid writin , direction en timing w a smyle that says , ` if im stay positive , mybe i can channel oooooneee of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . --> nothing short of a masterpiece -- en a challenging one .
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . --> diss latest installment of da horror filmz franchise tht e apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain hs arrived 4 an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again tht da era of d intelligent , well-made b movie is lang gone .
and that makes all the difference . --> nd thay makes all da difference .
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows . --> robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- hiz greatest triumph e keepin the creepy crawlies hidden i the filmz 's thick shadows .
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 ### 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? '' --> ... a sour lil movie at its core ; an exploration of da emptiness za underlay d relentless gaiety of the 1920 ### 's ... d filmz 's ending hs a `` wht vas ii all 4 ? ''
it 's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again . --> it 's goood t c michael caine whippin outttttt d dirty words nd punching people i tha stomach again .
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth . --> slack and uninspired , andd peopled mainly by characters o unsympathetic thay youu 're legt wid a sour taste i ur mouth .
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie . --> forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
a riveting story well told . --> a riveting story wellllll told .
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . --> 4 every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk orrr bmx rider mat hoffman , r abt a half dozen young turks angling ta c hw many times they can wrk the words `` radical '' orrr `` suck '' into a sentence .
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is . --> a culture clash comedy ony half as clever as ii thinks ii e .
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . --> this e a third-person story nw , told by hollywood , aaand much more ordinary 4 ii .
at 90 ### minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer . --> n 90 ### minutes diss movie is short , be ii feela much longer .
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service . --> mckay sim embarrassed by hiz own invention nd tries to rush thru tha intermediary passages , apperntly hoping da tha audience wil not notice d glaring triteness of da plot device he hs put i service .
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . --> d big-screen scooby makes tha silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted en comparison .
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer . --> tha fact e tht da screen e most alive when ii sim most likely za broomfield 's interviewees , orrr even himself , will no be 4 much longer .
the script ? --> d script ?
nicole holofcener 's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style . --> nicole holofcener 's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps 2 tha head of da class of women 's films that manage 2 avoid tha ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies w a satirical style .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . --> likeable thx to its cast , its cusine n its quirky tunes .
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . --> borrows a bit fr the classics `` w8 until dark '' nd `` extremities '' ... be n terms of its style , tha movie e n a class by itself .
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment . --> a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
sweet and memorable film . --> sweet ang memorable film .
this is a movie you can trust . --> dis is a movie you can trust .
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . --> whole stretches of tha filmz may b incomprehensible t moviegoers not aready clad n basic black .
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was . --> impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... juss bout as chillen and unsettling as ` manhunter ' vas .
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers . --> these guys seem great t knock bck a beer with buht dey 're simply naw funny performers .
there are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . --> thr r a couple of things tht elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably da mere presence of duvall .
it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . --> ii e also a testament 2 tha integrity andd vision of da band .
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails . --> daily struggles n simple pleasures usurp the preaching message soooo tht , by da time the credits roll across d pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feelin prevails .
many a parent and their teen -lrb- or preteen -rrb- kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . --> many a parent n dey teen -lrb- or preteen -rrb- kidd culd bond while watchin a walk t remember .
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it . --> the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... cuss yo get ii .
though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . --> tho d filmz e static , its writer-director 's heart is in d right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn . --> evelyn 's strong cast andd surehanded direction make 4 a winning , heartwarming yarn .
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . --> ... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head . --> oooooneee ting 's 4 sure -- if george romero had directed thiiisss movie , ii wld n't have taken the protagonists a full hour 2 determine za en order t slayy a zombie you must shoot ii in the head .
and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . --> aaand he allows a gawky actor lyk spall -- who culd tooooooo easily becum comic relief in any other filmz -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . --> epps hs neither the charisma nor d natural affability thay hs made tucker a star .
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette . --> ii 's rare to fnk a filmz to which tha adjective ` gentille ' applies , buht the wrd perfectly describes pauline & paulette .
` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . --> ` blue crush ' swims away wit the sleeper movie of da summer award .
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance . --> needed a lil less bling-bling and a loooot more romance .
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . --> ii lets u brush upp against the humanity of a psycho , whithout makin him any less psycho .
but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . --> but tha movie 's narrative hook is wayy tooooooo muddled t b an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . --> soo fiendishly cunning da even the most jaded cinema audiences wil leave da auditorium feeli dizzy , confused , nd totally disorientated .
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances . --> despite an overwrought ending , da filmz works as wellllll as ii does cuz of da performances .
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem . --> a filmz of ideas aaand wry comic mayhem .
effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . --> effective i all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut 4 chaiken .
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . --> goldmember has none of da visual wit of da prev pictures , and ii looks as though jay roach directed d filmz fr the back of a taxicab .
quietly engaging . --> quietly engaging .
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey . --> what culd havr been a daytime soap opera e acttually a compelling look n a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ? --> not completely loveable -- bt wh underdog movie since d bad news bears hs been ?
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . --> a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker sim 2 go outttttt of hiz way t turn tha legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . --> wahat starts o as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . --> the dirty jokes provide d funniest moments i this oddly sweet comedy abt jokester highway patrolmen .
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' . --> hs none of tha crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 weeks '' , orrr even `` indecent proposal '' , n feela more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' .
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . --> a sensitive , modest comic tragedy dat works as both character study ang symbolic examination of tha huge economic changes sweeping modern china .
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . --> fathers and sons , ang the uneasy bonds between them , rarely hav received such a sophisticated en unsentimental treatment o d big screen as they do jn this marvellous film .
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising . --> as a director , eastwood e o hiz game -- thr 's no real sence of suspense , ang none of d plot ` surprises ' are rlly surprising .
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . --> thwre 's much tongue i cheek en tha filmz and theyr 's nah doubt tha filmmaker e having fun w ii all .
... `` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... --> ... `` bowling 4 columbine '' remains a disquieting ang thought-provoking filmz ...
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . --> it 's a loathsome movie , ii rlly is nd ii makes absolutely no sence .
phoned-in business as usual . --> phoned-in business as usual .
the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . --> da ony ting to fear about `` fear dot com '' e hitting y head o da theatre seat i front of yah when yo doze o thirty minutes into d filmz .
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew . --> blade ii merges bits en pieces fr fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into oooooneee biiiig bloody stew .
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . --> to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , ii wil probs b a talky bore .
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . --> there e a real subject heree , nd ii e handled w intelligence andd care .
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . --> bigelow offers sum flashy twists and turns za occasionally fortify thiiisss turgid fable .
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong . --> d filmz has da uncanny ability to ryt itself precisely wen yu think ii 's jn danger of goin wrng .
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . --> it 's a mystery hw the movie culd b released n dis condition .
an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage . --> an unforgettable look n morality , family , andd social expectation through da prism of da omnibus tradition called marriage .
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply . --> a sad and rote exercise jn milking a played-out idea -- a str8 gal hs t dress upp jn drag -- thattt shockingly manages 2 be even worse than its title wld imply .
a funny film . --> a funny filmz .
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise . --> a gangster movie with the capacity 2 surprise .
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather . --> a grand fart coming fr a director beginning t resemble sumone 's crazy french grandfather .
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling . --> it 's posible dat somthin hip n transgressive wos bein attempted heree that stubbornly refused t gel , bt the result e more puzzling than unsettling .
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie . --> an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith . --> a generous , inspiring filmz that unfolds wth grace en humour n gradually becomes a testament 2 faith .
eight legged freaks ? --> eight legged freaks ?
malcolm mcdowell is cool . --> malcolm mcdowell e cool .
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial . --> d movie wavers betwn hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments str8 outttttt of a cellular fone commercial .
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . --> as a thoughtful andd unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex wid strangers e a success .
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge . --> a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
-lrb- a -rrb- slummer . --> -lrb- a -rrb- slummer .
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled . --> it 's a biiiig idea , bt tha filmz itself e small and shriveled .
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character . --> an engrossing portrait of a mane whose engaging manner andd flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors . --> sayles hs a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely workk i movies nw ... ang drawing flavorful performances fr bland actors .
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . --> 4 all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull wif ony caine makin much of an impression .
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . --> thiiisss e a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . --> n d end , whn the nw computerized yoda finally reveals hiz martial artistry , tha filmz ascends ta a kinetic lifeee soooooo teeming thattt even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kidd inside .
ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . --> ferrara 's strongest nd most touching movie of recent years .
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . --> ... a cinematic disaster soo inadvertently sidesplitting ii 's worth the price of admission for d ridicule factor alone .
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . --> even if ii made its original release date last fall , ii wud 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
unfortunately , it 's also not very good . --> unfortunately , ii 's also not v goodd .
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film . --> the most wondrous luv story en years , ii is a great filmz .
too much power , not enough puff . --> tooooooo much power , nt eugh puff .
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . --> despite an impressive roster of stars and direction fr kathryn bigelow , d weight of water e oppressively heavy .
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first . --> finally , tha french-produced `` read mi lips '' e a movie tht understands characters must come first .
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 ### actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . --> even before ii builds upp 2 its insanely staged ballroom scene , i which 3000 ### actors appear en full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into tha art filmz pantheon .
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised . --> a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into tha service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , whn rlly wh we demand of tha director is 2 b mesmerised .
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based . --> da rare movie thattt 's as crisp ang ta the point as d novel o which ii 's based .
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . --> heree , common sence flies outttttt the window , along w d hail of bullets , none of which every seem 2 hitt sascha .
-lrb- dong -rrb- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . --> -lrb- dong -rrb- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , en he does such a good job of it dat famly fundamentals gets yuh riled upp .
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -lrb- denis ' -rrb- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle --> once she lets her luv depraved leads meet , -lrb- denis ' -rrb- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
nothing too deep or substantial . --> nothing tooo deep orrr substantial .
but what is missing from it all is a moral . --> but whattt e missing from ii all e a moral .
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . --> splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirite ta overcome adversity .
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque . --> obvious , obnoxious aaand didactic burlesque .
it 's definitely a step in the right direction . --> ii 's defo a step in d right direction .
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much . --> vaguely interesting , but ii 's juss tooo too much .
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective . --> d filmz sounds like tha stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study e d fact tht the story is told from paul 's perspective .
this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks . --> dis oooooneee e a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if ony bcos da cast e shoo engagingly messin around liek slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing . --> tha writing is clever ang da cast e appealing .
although commentary on nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale . --> although commentary o nachtwey e provided ... ii 's tha image da rlly tells tha tale .
a nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent . --> a nearly 21\/2 hrs , tha film e wayy too indulgent .
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . --> ... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , andd completely , utterly inept .
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat . --> sum of the visual flourishes are a lil tooooooo obvious , be restrained andd subtle storytelling , andd fine performances make diss delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . --> buht the talented cast alone will keep you watchin , as will d fight scenes .
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . --> earnest , unsubtle ang hollywood-predictable , green dragon e stillll a deeply movin effort 2 put a humen faceeee on d travail of thousands of vietnamese .
jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy . --> jeffrey tambor 's performa as d intelligent jazz-playing exterminator e oscar-worthy .
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . --> an overly familiar scenario e made fresh by an intelligent screenplay aaand gripping performances in dis low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ... --> a clash betwn tha artificial structure of d story ang d more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the filmz ...
` christian bale 's quinn -lrb- is -rrb- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . ' --> ` christian bale 's quinn -lrb- e -rrb- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo liek gandalf jn a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . --> im 'm no exactly sure what dis movie thinks ii e abt .
it 's a scorcher . --> ii 's a scorcher .
a real snooze . --> a real snooze .
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . --> liek its title character , diss nicholas nickleby finds itself i reduced circumstances -- andd , also liek its hero , ii remains brightly optimistic , coming thru en tha end .
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books . --> d kids en the audience n tha preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls buht lil else ; dia parents , wise folks that nem r , read books .
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . --> partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination o the emptiness of success -- aaand entirely soulless .
for its 100 ### minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . --> 4 its 100 ### min runnin time , ur 'll w8 i vain 4 a movie 2 happen .
a chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department . --> a chronicle not ony of oooooneee mane 's quest 2 b prez , buht of how za man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into wahat wos essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm -lrb- wo n't be an -rrb- exceedingly memorable one for most people . --> a movie za harps o media-constructed ` issues ' lyk whether compromise e da death of self ... thiiisss orgasm -lrb- wo n't b an -rrb- exceedingly memorable oooooneee for most pple .
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense . --> fresnadillo hs something serious t say about d ways n which extravagant chance can distort our perspective andd throwg us o the path of gd sence .
this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live . --> diss e naw one of da movies yo 'd want t watch if yui ony had a wk ta live .
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . --> but mainstream audiences wil fnk lil of interest en dis filmz , which e often preachy en poorly acted .
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . --> at once subtle n visceral , da film neva succumbs ta d trap of tha maudlin orrr tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the futur .
lookin ' for sin , american-style ? --> lookin ' for sin , american-style ?
it drowns in sap . --> ii drowns i sap .
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . --> laggard kdrama wending its way 2 an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring . --> interminably bleak , to say nuffin of boring .
believability was n't one of the film 's virtues . --> believability wos n't one of tha filmz 's virtues .
filled with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience . --> filled wid alexandre desplat 's haunting en sublime music , the movie completely transfixes d audience .
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . --> the four feathers e definitely horse feathers , buht if ayu go jn knowing dat , you might ve fun en thiiisss cinematic sandbox .
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing . --> the movie attempts t mine laughs fr a genre -- da gangster\/crime comedy -- dat wore outttttt its welcome wit audiences several years ago , n its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches e n't exactly endearing .
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic . --> steadfastly uncinematic bt powerfully dramatic .
... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . --> ... del toro maintains a dark mood za makes d filmz seem liek somthin to endure instead of enjoy .
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want . --> dis filmed tosca -- not d fisrt , by the way -- e a pretty good job , if ii 's filmed tosca that you want .
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film . --> features onew of da most affecting depictions of a love affair every committed 2 filmz .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship . --> a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie n history , n which we feel thay we truly kno what makes holly ang marina tick , and our hearts go outttttt ta dem as both continue ta negotiate dia imperfect , love-hate relationship .
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar . --> starts out strongly b4 quickly losing its focus , point andd purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown kdrama n bruce willis wth a scar .
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . --> tho an important political documentary , thiiisss does no rlly make tha case d kissinger shld b tried as a war criminal .
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . --> swims i mediocrity , sticking its head upp 4 a bre of fresh airrr now ang then .
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey --> although the filmz boils dwm t a lightweight story abt matchmaking , tha characters make italian 4 beginners worth da journey
even fans of ismail merchant 's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one . --> even fans of ismail merchant 's workk , im suspect , would have a hard time sittin throught dis one .
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view . --> tha high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , tha actin e robotically italicized , aaand truth-in-advertising hounds take note : thr 's v little hustling on view .
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it . --> what 's worse e that pelosi knows ii .
a `` home alone '' film that is staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . --> a `` home alone '' filmz za e staged lyke `` rosemary 's babe , '' be e nt as well-conceived as either of those films .
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america . --> although made o a shoestring n unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of d rotting underbelly of midd america .
everything about girls ca n't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way . --> everythang bout girls ca n't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feela secondhand , familiar -- and not n a gud waaay .
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . --> brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music turn diss fairly parochial melodrama into smth rlly rather special .
it is definitely worth seeing . --> it e deffo worth seeing .
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts . --> a heroic tale of persistence da is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . --> will prolly b onew of those movies barely registering a blip o da radar screen of 2002 .
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it --> a bilingual charmer , jus lik tha woman who inspired ii
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . --> allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view . --> everybody loves a david ang goliath story , andd thiiisss onew e told almost entirely fr david 's point of view .
both lead performances are oscar-size . --> both lead performances r oscar-size .
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . --> as a gd old-fashioned adventure 4 kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron e a winner .
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid . --> it 's super - violent , super-serious andd super-stupid .
all the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition . --> all the small moments and flashbacks do n't add upp 2 much more than trite observations o d human condition .
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . --> elaborate special effects take centre screen , soooooo tht tha humen story e pushed ta onew side .
the film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation . --> d film e ... determined to treat its characters , weak ang strong , as fallible human beings , no caricatures , aaand to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts betwn humen urges aaand an institution concerned with self-preservation .
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . --> im found da movie as divided against itself as tha dysfunctional famly ii portrays .
too daft by half ... but supremely good natured . --> tooo daft by half ... be supremely goodd natured .
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . --> tho frida e easier to swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus , the eye candy heree lacks considerable brio .
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . --> tha filmz is hard t dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , en lit by flashes of mordant humor .
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! --> d first five mins wil hav you talkin 'til tha end of the year !
... silly humbuggery ... --> ... silly humbuggery ...
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king . --> predecessors tha mummy and da mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces nxt ta tha scorpion king .
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . --> worth a look by those o both sides of tha issues , if ony for the perspective ii offers , one the public rarely sees .
it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . --> it zips along wth b-movie verve while adding da rich details aaand go-for-broke actin that heralds something special .
... too sappy for its own good . --> ... tooo sappy for its own goood .
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . --> dis flat runnn n a hip-hop tootsie e so poorly paced ur could fett all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .
no , i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . --> nah , im do n't knw yy steven seagal e considered a star , nor whyy he keeps bein cast i action films whn none of dem r every any goood orrr make any money .
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -lrb- and its makers ' -rrb- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves . --> if s&m sim like a strange route t true looove , maybe it is , buht ii 's 2 this filmz 's -lrb- n its makers ' -rrb- credit za we believe that da 's exactly whut these two ppl nid to fnk each otha -- and theirselves .
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . --> lil e done ta support d premise otha than fling gags n ii to c which ones shtick .
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . --> one of those decades-spanning historical epics dat strives 2 b intimate aaand socially encompassing be fails 2 do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati . --> da kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie da filmz buffs will eat up liek soooooo much gelati .
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre --> a huge disappointment coming , as ii does , from filmmakers and performers of dis calibre
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . --> 4 a filmz tht 's bein advertised as a comedy , sweet homee alabama e n't as funny as yiu 'd hoped .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold . --> richard pryor mined hiz personal horrors and came upp wid a treasure chest of material , buht lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .
a movie of riveting power and sadness . --> a movie of riveting power aaand sadness .
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show . --> robert john burke as da monster horns i ang steals the show .
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . --> tha new insomina e a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , nd whn ii does elect 2 head off i its own direction , ii employs changes thattt fett it wellllll rather than ones that wrre imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over . --> jst offbeat enuhh t keep ya interested whithout comin closeeee ta bowling yhu over .
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter . --> written , flatly , by david kendall en directed , barely , by thr 's something bout mary co-writer ed decter .
it 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt . --> ii 's a filmz wif an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , bt neva clearly seen orrr felt .
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off --> onew can ony assume thay the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brotha gordy wid d waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival wrre honoring an attempt t do somthin different over actully pullin ii o
seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil . --> seeks to transcend its genre wit a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . --> nt a stereotype e omitted nor a cliché legt unsaid .
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . --> a smart , steamy mix of rd movie , coming-of-age story n political satire .
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate . --> ii 's coherent , wellllll shot , en tartly acted , be ii wears you dwm like a dinner guest showin o his doctorate .
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . --> k-19 wil not go down en da annals of cinema as one of da great submarine stories , be ii e an engaging andd exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of hiz own fear and paranoia .
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script . --> a four star performa from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . --> gdo bless crudup en his aversion ta takin tha easy hollywood rd ang cashing in o his movie-star gorgeousness .
it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . --> ii 's a feel-good movie abt which you can acttually feel gd .
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick . --> if anything , see it 4 karen black , who camps upp a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dixk .
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . --> watching d chemistry betwn freeman en judd , however , almost makes thiiisss movie worth seein .
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . --> moonlight mile gives itself d freedom 2 feel contradictory things .
it 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough . --> ii 's a movie dat accomplishes soo much da one viewing ca n't possibly b eugh .
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . --> da filmz aims t b funny , uplifting en movin , sometimes all n once .
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . --> tha filmz neva gets over its own investment i conventional arrangements , in terms of looove , age , gender , race , en class .
nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . ' --> nicely combines tha enigmatic features of ` memento ' wit d hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . '
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours . --> sorvino makes da princess seem smug nd cartoonish , en tha filmz ony really comes alive wen poor hermocrates aaand leontine pathetically compare notes abt their budding amours .
-lrb- a -rrb- stale retread of the '53 original . --> -lrb- a -rrb- stale retread of da '53 original .
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . --> more concerned w overall feelings , broader ideas , andd open-ended questions than concrete story aaand definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris e a gorgeousss andd deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . --> alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity nd hiz elderly propensity 4 patting pepul while he talks .
there 's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . --> there 's noo point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot 4 purposes of bland hollywood romance .
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . --> tha performances r amiable n committed , n tha comedy more often than naw hits da bullseye .
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted . --> zigzag might hv been richer en more observant if ii wrre less densely plotted .
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough . --> 2 better understand yy dis dd n't connect w me would require another viewing , and im wo n't b sitten throught this one again ... that en itself e commentary nuff .
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience . --> is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all d filmmakers nid to do e engage an audience .
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . --> n sum point , all diss visual trickery stops bein clever en devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
a ragbag of cliches . --> a ragbag of cliches .
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue --> overburdened wth complicated plotting and banal dialogue
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance . --> the pic runs a mere 84 min , buht it 's noo glance .
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches . --> steers refreshingly clear of d usual cliches .
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press --> niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images wit hiz words , insinuating , for example , dat en hollywood , only gdo speaks 2 the press
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny . --> it 's a beautiful filmz , full of elaborate andd twisted characters - and ii 's also pretty funny .
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . --> the milieu e wholly unconvincing ... andd tha histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment . --> the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
whatever complaints i might have , i 'd take -lrb- its -rrb- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . --> wateva complaints i might havr , im 'd take -lrb- its -rrb- earnest errors andd hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos liek antwone fisher orrr the emperor 's club any time .
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . --> rice neva clearly defines his characters orrr gives us a reason 2 care abt them .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez . --> another entertaining romp fr robert rodriguez .
but here 's a movie about it anyway . --> but heree 's a movie abt ii anywayy .
if -lrb- jaglom 's -rrb- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . --> if -lrb- jaglom 's -rrb- latest effort e no tha director at hiz most sparkling , sum of its repartee is stillll worth hearing .
i did n't smile . --> im did n't smyle .
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . --> tha script by david koepp e perfectly serviceable nd bc he gives d story some soul ... he elevates da experience t a more mythic level .
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -lrb- or worth rooting against , for that matter -rrb- . --> kapur fails to give hiz audience a single character worth rooting 4 -lrb- or worth rooting against , 4 dat matter -rrb- .
it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story --> it 's a visual delight aaand a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look tooo deep into tha story
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject --> befuddled n its characterizations as ii begins to seem as lang as the two year affair which e its subject
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . --> nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle za plays liek a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
it 's horribly depressing and not very well done . --> ii 's horribly depressing and no v well done .
now as a former gong show addict , i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . --> nw as a former gong show addict , i 'll admit ii , ym ony complaint is tht we dd n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments fr the show .
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers . --> nuff may pander 2 our basest desires for payback , bt unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . --> diss e cruel , misanthropic stuff w only weak claims t surrealism nd black comedy .
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies . --> a pale xerox of other , betetr crime movies .
strange it is , but delightfully so . --> strange ii e , bt delightfully soooooo .
the story has little wit and no surprises . --> da story hs lil wit nd nah surprises .
crummy . --> crummy .
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller . --> jst another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
this is a very funny , heartwarming film . --> thiiisss e a very funny , heartwarming filmz .
good-naturedly cornball sequel . --> good-naturedly cornball sequel .
the french director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . --> tha french director hs turnt outttttt nearly 21\/2 hrs of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour jn , starts makin wada torture seem appealing .
it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after . --> ii 's ony i fairy tales thay princesses za r married for political reason live happily every after .
a small movie with a big impact . --> a small movie wth a biiiig impact .
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . --> da sort of picture n which , whenever oooooneee of the characters has sum serious soul searching to do , dey go t a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy . --> crammed w incident , and bristles wth passion andd energy .
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . --> an intelligent n deeply felt wrk abt impossible , irrevocable choices andd d price of makin em .
-lrb- gosling 's -rrb- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . --> -lrb- gosling 's -rrb- combination of explosive physical energy ang convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . --> ang it sees those relationships , including that betwn d sonn and his wife , ang tha wife n d father , andd betwn d two bros , w incredible subtlety n acumen .
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled . --> jn da new gal , even tha bull gets recycled .
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . --> reggio en glass shoo rhapsodize cynicism , wit repetition ang languorous slo-mo sequences , tht glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . --> marshall puts a suspenseful spin o standard horror flick formula .
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ? --> thwre might be sum sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , bt who the hell cares ?
a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity . --> a movie thattt 's held captive by mediocrity .
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film --> an admirable , somtime exceptional filmz
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography . --> diss e a filmz da manages 2 find greatness n da hue of its drastic iconography .
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish . --> a whole loooot of fun n funny jn d midd , tho somewhat less hard-hitting n d start en finish .
... spiced with humor -lrb- ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -rrb- and witty updatings -lrb- silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -rrb- --> ... spiced wid humour -lrb- ' im speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -rrb- aaand witty updatings -lrb- silver 's parrot hs been replaced w morph , a cutee alien creature who mimics everyone andd everythang around -rrb-
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness . --> hs a customarily jovial airrr be a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . --> nt all of tha stories wrk andd d ones dat do r thin en scattered , be tha filmz works well nuff 2 make ii worth watchin .
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet . --> a strangely stirring experience thay finds warmth n da coldest environment and makes each crumb of emosh comfort feel lyke a 10-course banquet .
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! --> matthew lillard is born 2 play shaggy !
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . --> a dark-as-pitch comedy tht frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably wld not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. --> theyr 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey . --> da mothman prophecies e best wen illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart . --> n its best , it 's black hawk dwm wid more heart .
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion . --> invigorating , surreal , aaand resonant wit a rainbow of emotion .
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre . --> a tiard , unimaginative n derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary . --> patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism aaand , n times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony . --> a solid cast , assured direction ang complete lack of modern dayy irony .
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ... --> rodriguez hs d chops of a smart-aleck filmz school brat and da imagination of a biiiig kidd ...
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . --> a movie yah observe , rather than oooooneee you enter into .
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor . --> shuld have been worth cheering as a breakthrough bt e devoid of wit and humour .
-lrb- barry -rrb- gives assassin a disquieting authority . --> -lrb- barry -rrb- gives assassin a disquieting authority .
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . --> its plot ang animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but lil more .
a moving and important film . --> a movin and important film .
these people are really going to love the piano teacher . --> deez peole are rlly goin 2 looove da piano teacher .
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip . --> a disappointment 4 a movie that shuld havr been tha ultimate imax trip .
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers . --> a portrait of alienation o perf , ii wil certainly succeed en alienating most viewers .
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy . --> yeshh , bt also intriguing ang honorable , a worthwhile addition t a distinguished film legacy .
`` cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! '' --> `` cremaster 3 '' shld cum wth da warning `` for serious filmz buffs ony ! ''
what 's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . --> what 's most refreshing abt real women have curves e its unforced comedy-drama ang its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
surprisingly insightful --> surprisingly insightful
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much . --> to those who hv nt read d book , the filmz e a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' buht dat 's not sayin much .
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone . --> da director , wit hiz fake backdrops ang stately pacing , neva settles o a consistent tone .
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner . --> earnest yet curiously tepid nd choppy recycling n which predictability is da ony winner .
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt . --> brash , intelligent ang erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society andd tha suppression of its tucked away demons e uniquely felt w a sardonic jolt .
arguably the best script that besson has written in years . --> arguably tha best script that besson hs written in years .
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . --> ii e most of the things costner movies are known 4 ; ii 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and o eager to earn our loce thay yah wnt to slap it .
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . --> pretend ii 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact n walking slowly away .
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars . --> you can fire a torpedo throught sum of clancy 's holes , nd d scripters do n't deserve any oscars .
truly terrible . --> truly terrible .
it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . --> ii 's hard to imagine acting za culd be any flatter .
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top . --> each scene drags , underscoring d obvious , aaand sentiment e slathered o top .
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references . --> fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ... --> a special kind of movie , thiiisss melancholic filmz noir reminded me a loooot of memento ...
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time . --> one of d most genuinely sweet films to cum along i quite some time .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't . --> a filmz rlly hs ta b exceptional ta justify a three hour runnin time , andd diss e n't .
highly watchable stuff . --> highly watchable stuff .
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere . --> exceptionally wellllll acted by diane lane nd richard gere .
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . --> content merely t lionize its title character and exploit hiz anger - all 4 easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills andd a ham-fisted sermon o the nid 4 national health insurance .
a charming but slight comedy . --> a charming but slight comedy .
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture . --> an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach ta material tht e generally played for maximum moisture .
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . --> a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such . --> it looks like an action movie , bt it 's so poorly made , o all levels , thay it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . --> but mostly ii 's a wrk tht , with humour , warmth , nd intelligence , captures a lifeee interestingly lived .
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable . --> as an introduction t da mane 's theories aaand influence , derrida e all be useless ; as a portrait of da artist as an endlessly inquisitive ol mane , however , ii 's invaluable .
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work . --> young hanks andd fisk , who vaguely resemble dey celebrity parents , bring fresh good'o looks ang an ease en front of d camera t da work .
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . --> excellent performances fr jacqueline bisset n martha plimpton grace diss deeply touching melodrama .
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . --> tha cast e spot on ang tha mood e laid bsck .
its generic villains lack any intrigue -lrb- other than their funny accents -rrb- and the action scenes are poorly delivered . --> its generic villains lack any intrigue -lrb- other than their funny accents -rrb- andd tha action scenes r poorly delivered .
while bollywood\/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those -lrb- like me -rrb- who are n't . --> while bollywood\/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures 2 those familiar wid bombay musicals , ii also hs plenty 4 those -lrb- lyk mi -rrb- who are n't .
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . --> hs nah reason 2 exist , otha than to employ hollywood kids en pepl who owe favors ta dia famous parents .
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24\/7 . --> in a biiiig corner office en hell , satan e throwing up hiz hands n surrender , is firing hiz r&d pple , and hs decided he wil jst screen da master of disguise 24\/7 .
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world . --> captures all da longing , anguish and ache , tha confusing sexual messages n d wish 2 b a part of da elusive adult world .
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . --> in a movie full of surprises , the biggest e that sekret ballot is a comedy , both gentle en biting .
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered . --> deep down , im realised d harsh reality of mah situation : im wud leave da theatre wif a lower i.q. than when i had entered .
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . --> a chance ta see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very humen nid t b somebody , en t belong 2 somebody .
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin . --> wellllll cast and wellllll directed - a powerful kdrama wth eugh sardonic wit to keep ii from bein maudlin .
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen . --> an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , kdrama bout an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style . --> it e just too bad tha filmz 's story does naw live upp 2 its style .
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . --> a wild ride juiced w eugh energy ang excitement for n least three films .
a muted freak-out --> a muted freak-out
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren . --> lead actress gaï , she of d impossibly lang limbs n sweetly conspiratorial smyle , e a towering siren .
absolutely not . --> absolutely nt .
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . --> by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer hs all tha earmarks of french cinema n its best .
the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ... --> the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ...
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes . --> vibrantly colored andd beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast 4 da eyes .
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . ' --> ` stock upp on silver bullets 4 director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a filmz . '
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? ' --> n its best , which occurs often , michael moore 's bowling 4 columbine rekindles tha muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` r we a sick society ? '
in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . '' --> n da real world , an actor thiiisss uncharismatically beautiful woyld ve a résumé loaded with credits lyke `` gurl en bar # 3 . ''
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull . --> barney throws away da goodwill d fisrt half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale thattt is impenetrable andd dull .
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh . --> an indispensable peek at da art and tha agony of makin people laugh .
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . --> n 78 minutes it juss zings along with vibrance ang warmth .
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . --> d filmz , while naw exactly assured in its execution , e notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied . --> ii 's sweet andd fluffy n da time , be ii may leave yea feeling a lil sticky en unsatisfied .
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . --> sayles hs an eye 4 d ways pepul of diffffff ethnicities talk to nd abt others outside tha group .
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . --> da irony e thay dis filmz 's cast e uniformly superb ; dia performances culd have -- should havr -- been allowed to stand o dey own .
i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint . --> im admire da closing scenes of tha filmz , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure 4 vincent 's complaint .
a dreary movie . --> a dreary movie .
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them . --> a thriller whose style , structure en rhythms are o integrated wth d story , yu can naw seperate dem .
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . --> cruel en inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . --> yuh may think yhu havr figured outttttt d con nd d players in dis debut filmz by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while yuh wrre thinkin some1 made o wid your wallet .
the premise itself is just sooooo tired . --> the premise itself e jst sooooo tiard .
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn . --> lyke any good romance , sonn of tha bride , proves ii 's neva tooo late to learn .
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . --> the emosh overload of female angst irreparably drags tha filmz dwm .
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening . --> thr 's undeniable enjoyment 2 b had from films crammed wif movie references , bt the fun wears thin -- then out -- wen thwre 's nuffin else happenin .
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients . --> an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of theirselves aaand dey clients .
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance . --> a lovley andd beautifully photographed romance .
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere . --> ... while each moment of thiiisss broken character study is rich en emosh texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters . --> d filmz 's messages of tolerance ang diversity r n't particularly original , buht oooooneee ca n't help bt b drawn en by da sympathetic characters .
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . --> aside fr the fact that d filmz idiotically uses the webside feardotcom.com orrr d improperly hammy performa from poor stephen rea , da film gets added disdain 4 the fact thay it e nearly impossible to look at orrr understand .
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies . --> im had more fun watching spy than i had w most of the big summer movies .
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . --> a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , bt thz 2 d gorgeousss locales nd exceptional lead performances , ii has considerable charm .
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing . --> na such thng e sort of a minimalist beauty aaand tha beast , buht n this case the beast shld deffo get top billing .
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works . --> ii 's not particularly well made , be since im found meself howling more than cringing , im 'd say tha film works .
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . --> aniston hs n last decisively broken wid her freinds image n an independent film of satiric fire en emotional turmoil .
... blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . --> ... blade ii e stillll top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects andd jagged camera moves da serve na otha purpose than t call attention to theirselves .
every joke is repeated at least four times . --> every joke e repeated at least four times .
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist . --> a smart nd funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology n search of an artist .
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot . --> if you lik an extreme action-packed filmz wif a hint of humor , then triple x marks d spot .
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . --> stanley kwan hs directed not only one of d best gay luff stories ever made , bt one of da best love stories of any stripe .
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . --> juz about tha best straight-up , old-school horror filmz of da last 15 years .
in the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . --> in d director 's cut , da film e no ony a looove song t the movies but ii also e more fully an example of d kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience ii rhapsodizes .
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is . --> samuel l. jackson e oooooneee of da best actors thwre e .
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity . --> ii does give a taste of d burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . --> a plethora of engaging diatribes o tha meaning of ` homee , ' delivered jn grand passion by the members of tha various households .
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie . --> an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . --> diss real-life hollywood fairy-tale e more engaging than tha usual fantasies hollywood produces .
waiting for godard can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself . --> waiting 4 godard can b fruitful : ` en praise of love ' e da director 's epitaph 4 himself .
it 's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . --> ii 's all bout anakin ... aaand the lustrous polished visuals rich n colour en creativity aaand , of course , special effect .
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . --> solondz is soooo intent on hammering homee hiz message thattt he forgets 2 make it entertaining .
... pitiful , slapdash disaster . --> ... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
the crap continues . --> tha crap continues .
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce . --> while tha story 's undeniably hard ta folllow , iwai 's gorgeousss visuals seduce .
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . --> ii 's a terrible movie en every regard , ang utterly painful ta watch .
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . --> thiiisss e a monumental achievement jn practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , ang often downright creepy .
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . --> a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters ang bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory . --> a terrific b movie -- i fact , tha best n recent memory .
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . --> unfortunately , d experience of actually watchin d movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its makin .
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed . --> im liked abt schmidt a loooot , but im have a feeli da im would havr liked ii much more if harry & tonto neva existed .
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . --> what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase filmz .
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping . --> you may leave da theater wid more questions than answers , be darned if yo toes wo n't still b tapping .
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . --> nobody sim ta have cared much bout any aspect of ii , fr its cheesy screenplay 2 tha grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary . --> as jn aimless , arduous , ang arbitrary .
aside from rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . --> aside fr rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , d lady and the duke represents da filmmaker 's lifelong concern wif formalist experimentation jn cinematic art .
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists . --> a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie 2 many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! --> diss e a poster movie , a mediocre tribute 2 films like em !
there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us . --> thwre is na solace here , nah entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson en wer filmmaking can take us .
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . --> the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia e uncomfortably timely , relevant , ang sickeningly real .
the ingenious construction -lrb- adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel -rrb- constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism --> the ingenious construction -lrb- adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel -rrb- constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us t view events as if through a prism
the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . '' --> d most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stp d music . ''
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . --> but ii also hs many of tha things tht made the fisrt onew charming .
weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk . --> weaver n lapaglia r both excellent , in da kind of low-key way thattt allows us to forget that dey r acttually movie folk .
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing . --> ii 's neva laugh-out-loud funny , buht it e frequently amusing .
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . ' --> a movie en which laughter en self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to . --> quite simply , a joy t watch and -- esp -- ta listen t .
not to mention absolutely refreshed . --> naw ta mention absolutely refreshed .
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter . --> u can take da grandkids orrr da grandparents ang neva wrry abt anyones bein bored ... audience e a sea of constant smiles ang frequent laughter .
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation . --> arteta paints a pic of lives lived en a state of quiet desperation .
there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin --> thr 's na reason t mis interview w d assassin
i like this movie a lot . --> im lyk thiiisss movie a lot .
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . --> cums off more liek a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama thay neva catches fire .
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air . --> close nuff i spirit 2 its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a bre of fresh airrr .
while the transgressive trappings -lrb- especially the frank sex scenes -rrb- ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . --> while the transgressive trappings -lrb- esp da frank sex scenes -rrb- ensure dat d film e neva dull , rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor e ultimately rather silly n overwrought , makin da ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . --> blue crush hs all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends upp more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , w d emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan . --> a man leavin tha screening said the film wes betta than savin private ryan .
-lrb- a -rrb- strong piece of work . --> -lrb- a -rrb- strong piece of wrk .
daring and beautifully made . --> daring en beautifully made .
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . --> a well-crafted filmz that e all tha more remarkable cuz it achieves its emosh power and moments of revelation wid restraint ang a delicate ambiguity .
... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny . --> ... hits every cliche we 've come 2 expect , including da assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike n inherently funny .
slight but enjoyable documentary . --> slight be enjoyable documentary .
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash . --> adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- lyke a rash .
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . --> whn compared 2 the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy e a tart , smart bre of fresh airrr that stands out fr d pack even if d pic itself e somewhat problematic .
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try . --> nicks and steinberg match their own creations 4 pure venality -- that 's givin ii the oll college try .
not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . --> no even solondz 's thirst 4 controversy , sketchy characters aaand immature provocations can fully succeed n cheapening it .
and in a sense , that 's a liability . --> aaand in a sence , that 's a liability .
the romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be . --> d romance betwn the leads e n't as compelling orrr as believable as ii shuld be .
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy . --> hugh grant , who hs a gd line en charm , hs neva been more charming than n bout a boooyyyy .
poignant and funny . --> poignant en funny .
this is pure , exciting moviemaking . --> this is pure , exciting moviemaking .
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days . --> neva having seen tha first two films i da series , i ca n't compare friday after nxt ta dem , buht nothin wld change d fact za wahat we have heree e a load of clams lefft in tha broiling sun for a good'o three fay .
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality . --> a straight-ahead thriller da neva rises above superficiality .
the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . --> d filmz 's constant mood of melancholy nd its unhurried narrative r masterfully controlled .
there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . --> there are scenes of cinematic perfection dat steal ur heart away .
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord . --> a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . --> oooooneee of those movies da catches yhu upp en summn bigger than yurself , namely , an archetypal desire ta enjoy gd trash every now and then .
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts . --> an old-fashioned scary movie , one thay relies o lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks n nt constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
there 's an energy to y tu mamá también . --> there 's an energy t y tu mamá también .
the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . --> tha problema wth da film e whether deez ambitions , laudable n theirselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 ### years . ' --> tha whole mess boils dwm 2 a transparently hypocritical work thattt feela as thou ii 's tryin 2 set d women 's liberation movement bck 20 ### years . '
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . --> naw even steven spielberg has dreamed upp such blatant aaand sickening product placement n a movie .
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . --> miyazaki e oooooneee of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists andd storytellers .
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -lrb- restored -rrb- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic . --> d paradiso 's rusted-out ruin nd ultimate collapse during the film 's final -lrb- restored -rrb- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
if you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x. --> if you 're dwm for a silly hack-and-slash flick , u can do nah wrng wth jason x.
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow . --> all en all , an interesting look n d lifeee of tha campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't rlly care 4 d candidate dey 're forced ta folllow .
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . --> n d not-too-distant futur , movies liek ghost ship wil b used as analgesic balm 4 overstimulated minds .
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel . --> ryan gosling is , in a wrd , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .
i do n't think so . --> im do n't think shoo .
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . --> at best thiiisss is a filmz 4 d under-7 crowd .
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles . --> a fresh , entertaining comedy tht looks n relationships minus traditional gender roles .
poetry in motion captured on film . --> poetry n motion captured o filmz .
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . --> parts of da filmz feel a bit too much lyk an infomercial 4 ram dass 's latest book aimed n da boomer demographic .
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . --> d script e a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
almost peerlessly unsettling . --> almost peerlessly unsettling .
despite auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . --> despite auteuil 's performa , ii 's a rather listless amble down d midd of the rd , whr the thematic ironies r too obvious nd da sexual politics tooooooo smug .
-lrb- ferrera -rrb- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen . --> -lrb- ferrera -rrb- hs tha charisma of a young woman who knows how 2 hold tha screen .
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude . --> a solid andd refined piece of moviemaking imbued w passion en cattitude .
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary . --> flamboyant n sum movies and artfully restrained en others , 65-year-old jack nicholson culd b looking at hiz 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than every , choosing hiz roles with d precision of the insurance actuary .
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter --> while dis oooooneee gets o with a goodd natured warning , future lizard endeavors wil nid ta adhere more closely to tha laws of laughter
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . --> tha hot topics of tha plot r relegated 2 d background -- a welcome step fw fr tha sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . --> daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure ony open new wounds .
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit . --> if nt a homee runnn , then n least a solid base hit .
it 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance . --> ii 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which e to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart . --> whet it lacks en substance ii makes upp 4 i heart .
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall -lrb- also a producer -rrb- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . --> carrying o a spot-on scottish burr , duvall -lrb- also a producer -rrb- peels layers fr thiiisss character that may wellllll nt ve existed o paper .
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . --> thwre r eugh throwaway references to faith ang rainbows to plant smile-button faces o that segment of d populace thattt made a walk ta remember a niche hitt .
suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . --> suffice 2 say its total promise e left slightly unfulfilled .
the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed . --> d pic 's fascinating byways r littered wid trenchant satirical jabs n tha peculiar egocentricities of d actin breed .
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. . --> walter hill 's undisputed e lik a 1940s warner bros. .
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance . --> parents beware ; this e downright movie penance .
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . --> whatever satire lucky break wos aiming 4 , ii certainly got lost en tha `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of tha quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
fred schepisi 's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point . --> fred schepisi 's tale of four englishmen facing da prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal bt a starting point .
there 's no energy . --> thwre 's no energy .
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner . --> starts off witty en sophisticated aaand ayu wnt to love ii -- be filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . --> kosminsky ... puts enough salt into tha wounds of da tortured and self-conscious material 2 make ii sting .
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars . --> a wellllll made indieflick in nid of sum trims aaand a more chemistry between its stars .
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... hence , storytelling is far more appealing . --> sim based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness wes ... hence , storytelling e far more appealing .
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience . --> alternates between deadpan comedy nd heartbreaking loneliness en e n't afraid ta provoke introspection en both its characters ang its audience .
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . --> true to its title , it traps audiences n a series of relentlessly nasty situations da we wld pay a considerable ransom naw ta be lookin at .
with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . --> with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas hs fashioned an absorbing look n provincial bourgeois french society .
a hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . --> a hard look n onew mane 's occupational angst en its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul . --> d ethos of tha chelsea hotel may shap hawke 's artistic aspirations , bt he hs n't yet coordinated hiz own dv poetry w tha beat he hears in hiz soul .
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length --> grant e certainly amusing , but tha very hollowness of tha character he plays keeps him n arms length
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . --> definitley in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is o incredibly inane that it e laughingly enjoyable .
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . --> it 's no juss the vampires da r damned jn queen of the damned -- d viewers wil feel hey suffer the sameee fate .
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . --> as simple and innocent a movie as u can imagine .
extremely bad . --> extremely bad .
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . --> although disney follows its standard formula en this animated adventure , ii feela more forced than usual .
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history . --> deserves a place of honor nxt to nanook as a landmark jn filmz history .
what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour . --> what 's missing i murder by numbers e any real psychological grounding for tha teens ' deviant behaviour .
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap . --> any attempts at nuance given by da capable cast is drowned outttttt by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
it 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . --> it 's lost da politics andd d social observation aaand becum juz another situation romance bout a couple of saps stuck i an inarticulate screenplay .
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most . --> cut throught the layers of soap-opera emotion aaand yui find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the lifeee outttttt of the people who wnt to believe n ii d most .
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . --> ii made me want t get made-up nd go c diss movie with my sisters .
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock . --> argento , at ony 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness t da project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled d raw filmz stock .
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream . --> as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame . --> ... a sweetly affecting story bout four sisters who r coping , in oooooneee way orrr another , w lifeee 's endgame .
beautifully directed and convincingly acted . --> beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual --> it e an unstinting look n a collaboration between damaged pple dat may orrr may naw qual
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous . --> ritchie 's filmz is easier t swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , be ii 's self-defeatingly decorous .
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids . --> d charm of d fisrt movie e stillll theyr , andd the story feela like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . --> purports ta b a hollywood satire bt winds upp as the kind of filmz za shuld b da target of somethin deeper n more engaging .
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things . --> any enjoyment wil b hinge fr a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . --> an undeniably gorgeousss , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , aaand d triumph of hiz band .
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . --> halfway through d movie , da humour dwindles .
the magic -lrb- and original running time -rrb- of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version . --> d magic -lrb- en original runnin time -rrb- of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives intact jn bv 's re-voiced version .
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here . --> michael moore hs perfected da art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , nd he 's got as potent a topic as every heree .
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . --> frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all da he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , aaand retains an extraordinary faith jn the ability of images ta communicate tha truth of d world around him .
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle . --> predictable aaand cloying , tho brown sugah e shoo earnest n its yearning for tha fay b4 rap went nihilistic thay it summons more spirite and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . --> sadly , thoee many of the actors throwg o a spark orrr two wen hey fisrt appear , nem ca n't generate nuff heat en dis cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show . --> such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will b seated next t one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout d show .
a modest masterpiece . --> a modest masterpiece .
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . --> neil burger here succeeded n ... making d mystery of four decades bsck tha springboard 4 a more immediate mystery i d present .
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable . --> ang thz t kline 's superbly nuanced performa , that pondering e highly pleasurable .
it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . --> ii 's stillll a comic book , bt maguire makes ii a comic book with soul .
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience . --> shiri is an action filmz da delivers o tha promise of excitement , buht it also hs a strong dramatic and emosh pull thattt gradually sneaks upp o the audience .
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight . --> sim content 2 dog-paddle jn da mediocre end of the poooollll , and ii 's a sad , sick sight .
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze . --> takes a fresh n absorbing look n a figure whose legacy had begun 2 bronze .
but it does n't leave you with much . --> buht ii does n't leave yhu wit much .
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . --> tha trick whn watchin godard e ta catch tha pitch of hiz poetics , savor the pleasure of hiz sounds n images , nd ponder tha historical , philosophical , and ethical issues za intersect with dem .
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . --> broomfield has a rather unique approach t documentary .
as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks . --> as da mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks .
two-bit potboiler . --> two-bit potboiler .
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . --> a poignant andd gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful bout human nature .
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . --> a smart , provocative kdrama za does tha nearly impossible : ii gets under d skin of a mane we ony no as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance . --> n once overly old-fashioned n its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed n its effort t modernize ii w encomia to diversity and tolerance .
it 's just rather leaden and dull . --> ii 's juss rather leaden en dull .
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on . --> problema e , we hav nah idea whet i creation e going o .
the movie is a mess from start to finish . --> d movie e a mess fr start to finish .
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch . --> its rawness en vitality give ii considerable punch .
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever . --> oooooneee of tha best inside-show-biz yarns every .
but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . --> be d feelings evoked en tha filmz r lukewarm ang quick 2 pass .
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at . --> a burst of colour , music , ang dance za ony tha most practiced curmudgeon culd fail to craic a smile n .
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 ### years ago . --> the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 ### years ago .
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . --> da only camouflage carvey shuld now b considering e a paper bag to wear over hiz head whn he goes outttttt into public , ta avoid being recognized as da man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company . --> scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting o da number of tumbleweeds blowing through da empty theatres graced with its company .
a beautifully observed character piece . --> a beautifully observed character piece .
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph . --> compared ta hiz series of spectacular belly flops both o andd o tha screen , runteldat e somethin of a triumph .
as plain and pedestrian as catsup -- --> as plain aaand pedestrian as catsup --
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options . --> sum ppe march ta d beat of a diffffff drum , and if yiu every wondered whattt kind of houses those pple live en , diss documentary takes a look n 5 alternative housing options .
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . --> that jack nicholson makes this mane soooo watchable e a tribute not ony to hiz craft , bt ta hiz legend .
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . --> with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures da moment wen a woman 's lifeee , outttttt of a deep-seated , emosh nid , is about 2 turn onto a diffffff path .
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ! --> a college story thay works even whithout vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussin !
a loquacious and dreary piece of business . --> a loquacious n dreary piece of business .
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance . --> behan 's memoir e great material for a filmz -- rowdy , brawny ang lyrical i da best irish sence -- buht sheridan hs settled for a lugubrious romance .
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia . --> a rather tired exercise jn nostalgia .
` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... ' --> ` linklater fans , orrr pretentious types who wnt t appear avant-garde wil suck up 2 this project ... '
there 's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . --> theyr 's lil ta recommend snow dogs , unless oooooneee considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
one lousy movie . --> onew lousy movie .
it 's such a mechanical endeavor -lrb- that -rrb- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . --> ii 's such a mechanical endeavor -lrb- thattt -rrb- ii neva bothers to question wae somebody might devote time to c it .
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast . --> a blair witch - style adventure da plays lyke a bad soap opera , with passable performances fr everyone in da cast .
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . --> until its final mins this e a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship e severely tested by bad luk aaand their own immaturity .
abandon spends 90 ### minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . --> abandon spends 90 ### minutes trying figure out whether orrr no sum cocky pseudo-intellectual kid hs intentionally legt college orrr wos killed .
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism . --> needs more impressionistic cinematography ang exhilarating point-of-view shots ang fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots andd quick-cut edits thattt often detract fr d athleticism .
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . --> wth tha prospect of films lyke kangaroo jack abt to burst across america 's winter movie screens ii 's a pleasure 2 hv a film like d hrs as an alternative .
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . --> wer diss wes lazy be enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , thay e even lazier n far less enjoyable .
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it . --> a highly watchable , giggly lil story wif a sweet edge 2 ii .
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . --> skillfully weaves both da elements of the plot en a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality w a haunting sence of malaise .
-lrb- soderbergh -rrb- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . --> -lrb- soderbergh -rrb- tends 2 place most of da psychological en philosophical material n italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , ang he creates an overall sence of brusqueness .
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured . --> writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut za is fully formed and remarkably assured .
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea . --> the kind of filmz that leaves yhu scratching yo head n amazement over the fact dat soo many talented pple culd participate jn such an ill-advised andd poorly executed idea .
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . --> each story e built o a potentially interesting idea , be da fisrt two are ruined by amateurish writin aaand actin , while d third feela limited by its short running time .
sweetly sexy , funny and touching . --> sweetly sexy , funny en touching .
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . --> liek all of egoyan 's wrk , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . --> even if invincible is naw quite da career peak dat d pianist is 4 roman polanski , ii demonstrates za werner herzog can stillll leave us with a sence of wonder at tha diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . --> d filmz e rlly closer t porn than a serious critique of what 's wrng wth thiiisss increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . --> dis e a movie tht starts outttttt like heathers , then becomes bring ii o , then becomes unwatchable .
it 's a cool event for the whole family . --> ii 's a cool event 4 tha whole family .
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 ### minutes of your movie-going life . --> time literally stops o a dime en tha tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' bt that does n't mean ii still wo n't feel like the longest 90 ### min of y movie-going lifeee .
a beautiful , entertaining two hours . --> a beautiful , entertaining two hrs .
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful . --> thou ii pretends t expose the lifeee of male hustlers , ii 's exploitive whithout bein insightful .
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . --> tooo long , nd larded wid exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . --> another love story jn 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pics da ve reinvigorated d romance genre .
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot . --> tha chateau belongs t rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop h00y .
the story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . --> tha story ... e inspiring , ironic , andd revelatory of jst hw ridiculous nd money-oriented d record industry rlly e .
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it . --> luv may hv been in tha air onscreen , but im certainly wos n't feeli any of ii .
this director 's cut -- which adds 51 ### minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . --> dis director 's cut -- which adds 51 ### mins -- takes a great filmz ang turns ii into a mundane soap opera .
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors --> `` d dangerous lives of altar boys '' hs flaws , but ii also has humour en heart and v talented young actors
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . --> movies like high crimes flog tha dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence . --> an amusing aaand unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment andd tha fine line between passion andd pretence .
producer john penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . '' --> producer john penotti surveyed high school students ... aaand came bsck wit tha astonishing revelation dat `` dey wanted 2 c sumn that dd n't talk dwm t dem . ''
it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . --> ii 's jst a movie tht happens ta hv jackie chan n ii .
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves . --> what redeems the filmz e tha cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . --> but whattt 's nice e dat thr 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
adam sandler 's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . --> adam sandler 's 8 crazy nights e 75 wasted min of sandler as the voice-over hero n columbia pics ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
a mess . --> a mess .
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . --> d filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do wut he does best , and fashion a story around him .
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . --> soo purely enjoyable za ur might not even notice ii 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of da bride .
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . --> talk ta her e shoo darned assured , we hv absolutely no idea who da main characters are until d filmz is well under waaay -- nd yet ii 's hard to stoopp watching .
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . --> a genuinely funny ensemble comedy tht also asks its audience -- n a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of wayy -- 2 consider what we value n our daily lives .
after seeing ` analyze that , ' i feel better already . --> after seein ` analyze tht , ' im feel betetr alrdy .
mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . --> mazel tov 2 a filmz bout a famly 's joyous lifeee actin o tha yiddish stge .
the characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . --> da characters r neva more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection orrr identification frustratingly outttttt of reach .
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . --> reign of fire juz might go dwm as one of tha all-time great apocalypse movies .
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works , invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . --> tho few wil argue that ii ranks wth da best of herzog 's works , invincible shows he 's back jn form , w an astoundingly rich filmz .
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . --> monte cristo smartly emphasizes d well-wrought story aaand omits needless chase scenes aaand swordfights as da revenge unfolds .
it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . --> ii shows us a slice of life da 's v diffffff fr our own aaand yet instantly recognizable .
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story . --> interesting both as a historical study nd as a tragic love story .
what we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . --> what we have heree is n't a disaster , exactly , be a v handsomely produced let-down .
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening . --> thwre 's a reason da studio dd n't offer an advance screening .
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling . --> thwre e a certain sence of experimentation andd improvisation to thiiisss filmz da may naw a work , but ii is nevertheless compelling .
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess . --> thou it 's equally solipsistic en tone , d movie has enuhh vitality t justify tha notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess .
one of the worst films of 2002 . --> oooooneee of tha worst films of 2002 .
lazy , miserable and smug . --> lazy , miserable and smug .
-lrb- t -rrb- he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent . --> -lrb- t -rrb- he script e n't upp 2 the level of the direction , nor r da uneven performances by tha cast members , who seem bound en determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . --> often demented in a gud wayy , but ii e an uneven film 4 the most part .
an animation landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs . --> an animation landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white en the seven dwarfs .
this thing is just garbage . --> diss thing e jus garbage .
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store '' --> `` tha rd paved wif goood intentions leads 2 da vid store ''
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . --> stillll , thiiisss flick e fun , aaand host 2 some truly excellent sequences .
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother . --> a disoriented be occasionally disarming saga packed w moments outttttt of an alice jn wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , n a condensed season of tv 's biiiig bruuh .
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . --> liek the world of hiz filmz , hartley created a monster bt did n't knw hw ta handle ii .
what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm . --> wahat 's surprising is hw well it holds upp i an era en which computer-generated images r d norm .
it 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties . --> it 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled wit nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
the extent to which it succeeds is impressive . --> d extent t which ii succeeds is impressive .
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored . --> proves a servicable world war ii kdrama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , be ii n least calls attention 2 a problema hollywood tooo lang hs ignored .
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger . --> a fascinating , bombshell documentary za shld shame americans , regardless of whether or naw ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .
never inspires more than an interested detachment . --> never inspires more than an interested detachment .
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't . --> a sharp and quick documentary thattt is funny nd pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy da , while past , really e n't .
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . --> this is a smart movie tht knows its classical music , knows its freud n knows its sade .
instead of trying to bust some blondes , -lrb- diggs -rrb- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . --> instead of trying 2 bust sum blondes , -lrb- diggs -rrb- shuld be probing y a gal wth his talent ended up en a movie diss bad .
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . --> delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work . --> meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not wrk .
a weird , arresting little ride . --> a weiiiiird , arresting lil ride .
but i had a lot of problems with this movie . --> bt im had a lot of problems wif this movie .
it 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . --> it 's dull , spiritless , silly n monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , goin nowhere fast .
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them . --> tha year 2002 has conjured upp more coming-of-age stories than seem posible , but take care of mi cat emerges as da very best of dem .
nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . --> nakata 's technique e t imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . --> d cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning abt their cruel fate .
there 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something . --> thwre 's a part of us thattt can not help b entertained by d sight of sum1 getting away wif somethin .
but mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic . --> be mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . --> d performances r strong , thou d subject matter demands actin thay borders o hammy n times .
never does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . '' --> neva does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , orrr even thay of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' orrr `` tarzan . ''
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . --> a wild ride wth eight boarders fr venice beach za was a deserved co-winner of tha audience award 4 documentaries at da sundance film festival .
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . --> tha mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera . --> a venturesome , beautifully realised psychological mood piece thay reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of da expressive power of tha camera .
that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture --> za ii 'll prolly be d best and most mature comedy of da 2002 summer season speaks more of d season than tha picture
my own minority report is that it stinks . --> m own minority report is thattt ii stinks .
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . --> cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him . --> brosnan is more feral n diss film than im 've seen him b4 aaand halle berry does her best 2 keep upp wif him .
ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad . --> ben kingsley e truly funny , playin a kind of ghandi gone bad .
frankly , it 's pretty stupid . --> frankly , ii 's pretty stupid .
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie . --> ozpetek 's effort has the scope ang shap of an esp well-executed television movie .
too clever by about nine-tenths . --> tooo clever by abt nine-tenths .
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . --> horns and halos benefits fr serendipity be also reminds us of our own responsibility 2 question whut is told as the truth .
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale . --> a particularly joyless , n exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . --> an unorthodox lil filmz noir organized crime story tht includes oooooneee of tha strangest love stories yuh wil ever see .
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . --> watching the powerpuff girls movie , ym mind kept returning 2 oooooneee anecdote for comparison : d cartoon i japan thay gave peole seizures .
there 's no good answer to that one . --> thwre 's no goodd answer 2 thay onew .
-lrb- while the last metro -rrb- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . --> -lrb- while the last metro -rrb- wos more melodramatic , confined ta a single theater company en its strategies n deceptions , while tavernier e more concerned with the entire period of history .
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . --> cantet beautifully illuminates what ii means somtime to b inside looking outttttt , aaand n other times outside lookin in .
if you think it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy the hot chick . --> if yo think ii 's a riot ta c rob schneider n a young woman 's clothes , then yuh 'll enjoy tha hott chick .
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare . --> w the sameee sort of good-natured fun found jn films lik tremors , eight legged freaks e prime escapist fare .
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points . --> a bore da tends 2 hammer homee every onew of its points .
a non-mystery mystery . --> a non-mystery mystery .
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . --> thr 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire andd , most importantly , singing andd dancing .
there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie . --> there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . --> together , miller , kuras andd tha actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate en intelligent journey .
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was . --> im enjoyed da movie jn a superficial wayy , while neva sure what its purpose was .
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 ### seconds . --> fear dot com e more frustrating than a modem dat disconnects every 10 ### seconds .
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . --> instead of a witty expose on da banality andd hypocrisy of tooooooo much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing outttttt by an adult who 's apperntly been forced by hiz kids 2 watch tooo many barney vids .
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . --> feela lik tha wrk of an artist who e simply tiard -- of fightin the sameee fights , of putting the weight of the world o hiz shoulders , of playin wth narrative form .
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film . --> it e very difficult t care about the character , n thattt is the central flaw of d filmz .
gangster no. 1 ### is solid , satisfying fare for adults . --> gangster no. 1 ### is solid , satisfying fare 4 adults .
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? --> y did nem deem ii necessary to document all thiiisss emosh misery ?
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . --> no doubt d star en everyone else involved had dia hearts in da ryte place .
-lrb- rises -rrb- above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism . --> -lrb- rises -rrb- above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering ang its conventional direction ta give d filmz a soul andd an unabashed sence of good old-fashioned escapism .
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . '' --> captures thay perverse element of tha kafkaesque wer identity , overnight , is robbed en replaced wif a persecuted `` otha . ''
never once predictable . --> neva once predictable .
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia . --> d filmz does n't really care about tha thousands of americans who die hideously , ii cares bout how ryan meets his futur wife and makes hiz start n d cia .
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory . --> offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l.a. to that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either . --> da filmmakers r playin t tha big boys n new york ang l.a. 2 za end , dey mock tha kind of folks nem do n't understand , ones nem figure tha power-lunchers do n't care 2 understand , either .
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . --> im wish ii wud have jst gone more over-the-top instead of taryn to have ii both ways .
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... -lrb- it -rrb- comes off like a hallmark commercial . --> tha whole affair , true story orrr no , feela incredibly hokey ... -lrb- ii -rrb- comes o like a hallmark commercial .
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings . --> da structure is simple , be en its own waaay , rabbit-proof fence e a quest story as grand as da lord of the rings .
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks . --> a puppy dogg soooooo desperate 4 attention it nearly breaks its lil neck taryn to perform entertaining tricks .
nice piece of work . --> nice piece of workk .
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . --> d events of the film are jst o weiiiiird thay im honestly neva knew what d hell was comeing next .
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight . --> episode ii -- attack of da clones is a technological exercise dat lacks juice n delight .
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . --> this is a dark , gritty , somtime funny little gem .
though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish . --> tho theyr 's a clarity of purpose n even-handedness to tha filmz 's direction , tha kdrama feela rigged andd sluggish .
noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us --> noyce 's greatest mistake e thinkin that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments 2 keep us
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . --> wahat emerges e an unsettling plc of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry . --> da 3-d vistas fr orbit , with da space station suspended lik a huge set of wind chimes over d great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . --> cacoyannis ' vision e far less mature , interpreting d play as a call 4 pity n sympathy 4 anachronistic phantasms haunting d imagined glory of dey own pasts .
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing . --> jackie chan movies r a guilty pleasure - he 's easy t lyke ang always leaves us laughin .
-lrb- gayton 's script -rrb- telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience . --> -lrb- gayton 's script -rrb- telegraphs every discovery aaand layers o da gloss of convenience .
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old . --> i knw im shld n't hve laughed , be hey , those farts got t mah inner nine-year-old .
... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 ### predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . --> ... has abt 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 ### predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot nd ingenuity .
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist . --> thwre e a general air of exuberance jn all bout the benjamins that 's hard to resist .
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons '' has . --> plays liek onew of those conversations za comic book gal o `` tha simpsons '' hs .
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation . --> dong neva pushes 4 insights beyond the superficial tensions of d dynamic he 's dissecting , and da film settles tooo easily along the contours of expectation .
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed . --> diss charming buht slight tale hs warmth , wit aaand interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . --> the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
delightfully rendered --> delightfully rendered
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that 's something i would rather live in denial about --> shows that jackie chan e gettin older , ang that 's something im wud rather live n denial abt
many insightful moments . --> many insightful moments .
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money . --> made 2 b jaglomized e the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab n money .
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief . --> da performances r immaculate , wif roussillon providing comic relief .
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . --> anyones naw into high-tech splatterfests e advised to take the warning literally , en log o t smth more user-friendly .
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo . --> director claude chabrol has become d master of innuendo .
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should . --> as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all d verbal marks it shuld .
-lrb- tries -rrb- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states . --> -lrb- tries -rrb- to parody a genre that 's already a joke en the united states .
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn . --> they wrre afraid t show diss movie 2 reviewers b4 its opening , afraid of da bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
especially give credit to affleck . --> esp give credit t affleck .
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 ### minutes prior to filming . --> a fragile framework upon which 2 hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters da seem ta have been conjured upp only 10 ### mins prior t filming .
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today . --> ang ii marks him as onew of tha most interesting writer\/directors working 2day .
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts . --> diss pic is murder by numbers , andd as easy t b bored by as ur abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . --> thou jones nd snipes are enthralling , tha movie bogs dwm in rhetoric aaand cliché .
according to wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . --> according to wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of tha upper class almost as much as dey loce theirselves .
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . --> even a hardened voyeur would require d patience of job 2 get thru diss interminable , shapeless documentary bout tha swinging subculture .
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters . --> ii e refreshingly undogmatic bout its characters .
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . --> a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters andd hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition . --> a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care . --> be as youuu watch d movie , youo 're tooooooo interested t care .
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke . --> a mediocre exercise i target demographics , unaware za ii 's tha butt of its own joke .
thumbs down . --> thumbs down .
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch . --> while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , ii 's awfully entertaining 2 watch .
at a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . --> n a time whn we 've learnt d hard wayy just hw complex international terrorism e , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic pict .
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . --> upper west sidey exercise en narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . --> as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets da job done .
an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k. dick stories . --> an uneven look into a grim future da does n't come close 2 da level of intelligence nd visual splendour tht can b seen n otha films based on philip k. dick stories .
-lrb- shyamalan -rrb- turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . --> -lrb- shyamalan -rrb- turns d goose-pimple genre on its empty head nd fills ii wth spirite , purpose n emotionally bruised characters who add upp t more than body count .
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time . --> totally overwrought , deeply biased , n wholly designed 2 make youuu feel guilty bout ignoring whut the filmmakers clearly believe r da greatest musicians of all time .
there 's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . --> thr 's so much ta look at en metropolis you hate t tear yor eyes away from da images lang eugh 2 read da subtitles .
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending . --> woody allen used ta ridicule movies lik hollywood ending .
lightweight but appealing . --> lightweight but appealing .
there is nothing redeeming about this movie . --> there e nothing redeeming abt this movie .
what 's infuriating about full frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense . --> wht 's infuriating about full frontal e that ii 's tooo closeeee to real lifeee ta make sense .
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling . --> the movie 's seams may show ... bt pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long waaay toward keepin da pic compelling .
macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done . --> macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performa that eclipses nearly everythang else she 's every done .
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding . --> director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach 2 visualizing nijinsky 's diaries e both stimulating and demanding .
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . --> d sight of tha spaceship o tha launching pad e duly impressive in imax dimensions , as r shots of da astronauts floating en dey cabins .
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality . --> d unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved fr orleans ' story n hiz own infinite insecurity e a wrk of outstanding originality .
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . --> tha stunt workk e top-notch ; tha dialogue en kdrama often food-spittingly funny .
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . --> lucas has en fact cum closer than anyones culd desire t tha cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of da '30s and '40s .
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . --> a fine effort , an interesting topic , sum intriguing characters aaand a sad ending .
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . --> `` ... somethin appears ta hav been lost jn tha translation thiiisss time .
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock . --> featherweight romantic comedy hs a few nice twists i a standard plot n d charisma of hugh grant en sandra bullock .
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry . --> hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched 2 da cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . --> everythang abt the quiet american is gud , except its timing .
it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . --> ii 's a smartly directed , grown-up filmz of ideas .
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood . --> the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as ii e , bt director doug liman andd hiz colleagues ve managed to pack ii wth enough action ta satisfy d boom-bam crowd whithout a huge sacrifice of character nd mood .
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . --> once he starts learning t compromise wit reality eugh ta becum comparatively sane aaand healthy , the filmz becomes predictably conventional .
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . --> a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility nd care i da community .
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him . --> tha gifted crudup hs da perf faceeee to play a handsome blank yearning ta find himself , and hiz cipherlike personality n bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do wif him .
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art . --> an artsploitation movie wif tooo much exploitation aaand tooooooo lil art .
unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't . --> unless ur 're a fanatic , da best advice e : ` scooby ' do n't .
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . --> nicole kidman evolved fr star ta superstar some time over tha past year , which means dat bday gurl e tha kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might no make 4 a while .
and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . --> and da positive change in tone heree seems ta ve recharged him .
there 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance . --> theyr 's jst something bout watchin a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale tha tar outttttt of unsuspecting lawmen tht reaches across time ang distance .
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks . --> da script e high o squaddie banter , low on shocks .
go back to sleep . --> go bsck to sleep .
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 ### . --> diss movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise en retard 101 ### .
it 's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? '' --> ii 's as if a bored cage spent tha duration of d film 's shooting schedule waiting ta scream : `` got aids yet ? ''
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving . --> sekret ballot e a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous nuff t be engaging en oddly movin .
a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this . --> a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth i storytelling usually found n anime like dis .
nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . --> nair jus does n't havr da necessary self-control t gguide a loose , poorly structured filmz throught d pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made . --> one of tha most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies every made .
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . --> dis low-rent -- ang even lower-wit -- rip-off of tha farrelly bros ' oeuvre gets wayy tooooooo mushy -- en in a relatively short amount of time .
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music . --> happily stays close t da ground i a spare and simple manner en does n't pummel us w phony imagery orrr music .
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 ### , and even as a rip-off of the matrix . --> fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 ### , andd even as a rip-off of tha matrix .
whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . --> wateva oooooneee makes of its political edge , thiiisss e beautiful filmmaking fr oooooneee of french cinema 's master craftsmen .
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . --> jagger , stoppard and director michael apted ... deliver a riveting en surprisingly romantic ride .
banal and predictable . --> banal andd predictable .
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . --> takes a clunky tv-movie approach 2 detailing a chapter jn tha lifeee of da celebrated irish playwright , poet n drinker .
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls . --> tha trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . --> best of all e garcia , who perfectly portrays d desperation of a v insecure man .
it does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . --> ii does n't flinch fr its unsettling prognosis , namely , thattt the legacy of war e a kind of perpetual pain .
scooby-doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . --> scooby-doo does n't know if ii wnts 2 b a retro-refitting exercise n campy recall 4 older fans orrr a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . --> a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest andd pat as any hollywood fluff .
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . --> unfunny andd lacking any sence of commitment ta or affection for its characters , da reginald hudlin comedy relies o toilet humour , ethnic slurs .
`` the best disney movie since the lion king '' --> `` the best disney movie since the lion king ''
best indie of the year , so far . --> best indie of the year , shoo far .
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . --> feela less like a cousin t blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel n d escape from new york series .
it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier . --> ii jumps around w lil logic orrr continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that neva amount 2 a satisfying complete pic of dis particular , anciently demanding métier .
simone is not a bad film . --> simone e no a bad filmz .
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . --> a sexy , peculiar n alwayz entertaining costume kdrama set n renaissance spain , andd tha fact that ii 's based o true events somehow makes ii all the more compelling .
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -lrb- franco -rrb- has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . --> as d sulking , moody male hustler n tha title role , -lrb- franco -rrb- has all of dean 's mannerisms en self-indulgence , be none of hiz sweetness n vulnerability .
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun . --> the fisrt bond movie in ages that e n't fake fun .
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . --> tha problema e tht for d most part , da film is deadly dull .
for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . --> 4 tha r of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts ta lil more than punishment .
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey . --> the rollerball sequences feel sanitised ang stagey .
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . --> ramsay andd morton fill thiiisss character study w poetic force ang buoyant feelin .
the film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition . --> the filmz e saved fr are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth za is n't faked andd a stately sense of composition .
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision . --> death 2 smoochy e often v funny , but wut 's even more remarkable is da integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision .
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds . --> d ony young ppl who possibly will enjoy ii r infants ... who might be distracted by tha movie 's quick movements en sounds .
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . --> thr 's summn fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... thay derives its moment of most convincing emosh gravity fr a scene wer santa gives gifts ta grownups .
it collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush . --> it collapses wen mr. taylor tries 2 shift d tone 2 a thriller 's rush .
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . ' --> ii 's also naw smart or barbed enuhh for older viewers -- nt everyone thinks poo-poo jokes r ` edgy . '
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . --> it gives poor dana carvey nuffin 2 do that is rlly funny , and then expects us t laugh cuzz he acts shoo goofy all d time .
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller . --> efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster . --> ... stylistically , d movie e a disaster .
it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . --> ii 's mildly entertaining , especially if yu find comfort i familiarity .
... a guiltless film for nice evening out . --> ... a guiltless film for nice evening outttttt .
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion . --> wht makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing e da caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach 2 a world tht 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
an opportunity missed . --> an opportunity missed .
canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people . --> canada 's arctic light shines bright on diss frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary lifeee into the private existence of d inuit pepul .
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . --> fresh en raw lyke a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre ang beats new lifeee into ii .
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . --> dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . --> a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive mane ... bout as unsettling 2 watch as an exploratory medical procedure orrr an autopsy .
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . --> the overall vibe is druggy andd self-indulgent , lyke a spring-break orgy 4 pretentious arts majors .
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull . --> da transporter bombards da viewer wif soo many explosions aaand side snap kicks thattt ii ends upp bein surprisingly dull .
beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . --> beneath the filmz 's obvious determination t shock n any cost lies considerable skill ang determination , backed by sheer nerve .
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff . --> perry 's gud n hiz e an interesting character , be `` serving sara '' hs n't much more 2 serve than silly fluff .
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . --> d filmz 's trailer also looked lik crap , shoo crap e wh i wos expecting .
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack . --> da sentimental script has probs , be da actors pick upp tha slack .
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman . --> puts a refreshing andd comical spin o d all-too-familiar saga of d contemporary single woman .
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak . --> theyr r some laughs n thiiisss movie , be williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , d satire e weak .
boisterous , heartfelt comedy . --> boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself . --> ii 's as if allen , n 66 , hs stopped challenging himself .
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . --> the characters seem one-dimensional , en da filmz e superficial nd wil prob b of interest primarily to its target audience .
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent . --> im 'm sure mainstream audiences wil be baffled , buht , 4 those wif n least a minimal appreciation of woolf nd clarissa dalloway , tha hrs represents two of those wellllll spent .
very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . --> v amusing , not d usual route n a thriller , and d performances r odd n pixilated nd somtime both .
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . --> if festival en cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot w a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about d filmz , including sum of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching . --> coral reef adventure e a heavyweight filmz that fights a gud fight on behalf of tha world 's endangered reefs -- aaand ii lets da pics do d punching .
but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . --> but ii culd b , by its art andd heart , a necessary oooooneee .
i wanted more . --> im wanted more .
the entire cast is extraordinarily good . --> da entire cast e extraordinarily gud .
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . --> as if tryn 2 grab a lump of play-doh , tha harder dat liman tries to squeeze his story , d more details slip outttttt betwn hiz fingers .
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale . --> a bracing , unblinking workk that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . --> a fine , rousing , g-rated family filmz , aimed mainly at lil kids but wid plenty of entertainment value t keep grown-ups from squirming jn their seats .
it 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do . --> ii 's immensely ambitious , diffffff than anything thattt 's been done b4 and amazingly successful jn terms of what it 's trying ta do .
... a pretentious mess ... --> ... a pretentious mess ...
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that . --> ii sends you away a believer again nd quite cheered n just that .
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . --> terminally bland , painfully slow en needlessly confusing ... the movie , shot o digital videotape rather than filmz , e frequently indecipherable .
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities . --> a v depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics . --> captures da raw comic energy of oooooneee of our most flamboyant female comics .
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out . --> if the mane fr elysian fields e doomed by its smallness , it e also elevated by it -- tha kind of movie tht youuu enjoy more bcz ayu 're onew of tha lucky few who sought ii outttttt .
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . --> writer-director walter hill nd co-writer david giler try 2 create characters outttttt of d obvious cliches , bt wind upp using dem as punching bags .
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer . --> this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy e inane nd awful - nah doubt , ii 's d worst movie i 've seen thiiisss summer .
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags . --> en the process of trimming the movie ta an expeditious 84 min , director roger kumble seems to havr dumped a whole lottle of plot n favour of ... outrageous gags .
singer\/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece . --> singer\/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songz -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- be tha whole package certainly captures da intended , er , spirite of da piece .
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . --> does n't cum closeeee 2 justifying the hype da surrounded its debut n the sundance film festival two years ago .
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . --> thiiisss slender plot feela especially thin stretched over da nearly 80-minute running time .
the movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . --> tha movie 's biggest shocks cum from seein former nymphette juliette lewis playin a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie n watchin slim travel incognito n a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop wud every try to sell .
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . --> if yo value your time and money , fnk an escape clause n avoid seein diss trite , predictable rehash .
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . --> boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake . --> d jokes r flat , nd tha action looks fake .
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill . --> ii 's a ripper of a yarn n i for oooooneee enjoyed da thrill of tha chill .
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . --> weirdly , broomfield hs compelling new material bt he does n't unveil ii until tha end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses en pointing hiz camera through tha smeared windshield of hiz rental car .
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . --> once folks started hanging outttttt n da barbershop , they neva wanted to leave .
choppy , overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . ' --> choppy , overlong documentary about ` da lifestyle . '
better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . --> betetr stillll , he does all of thiiisss , en more , while remaining oooooneee of tha most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . --> da action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would . --> ends upp offering nothing more than tha latest schwarzenegger orrr stallone flick would .
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . --> though there r many tense scenes en trapped , hey prove more distressing than suspenseful .
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . --> the last kiss wil probably neva achieve da popularity of my biiiig fat greek wedding , bt its provocative central wedding sequence hs far more impact .
low rent from frame one . --> low rent fr frame oooooneee .
sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony . --> sheridan sim terrified of da book 's irreverent energy , aaand scotches most of its élan , humour , bile , and irony .
unfortunately , carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg . --> unfortunately , carvey 's rubber-face routine is nah match 4 tha insipid script he has crafted wid harris goldberg .
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . '' --> ii may as well b called `` jar-jar binks : da movie . ''
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . --> over d years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula 4 successful animated movies , aaand ice age ony improves on ii , wth terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences n a droll sence of humour .
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . --> whut oooooneee e lefft wth , even after d most awful acts r committed , e an overwhelming sadness tht feels as if ii has made its wayy into yo very bloodstream .
it hates its characters . --> ii hates its characters .
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . --> ... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud dat feela all tooo familiar .
with `` ichi the killer '' , takashi miike , japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ... --> w `` ichi the killer '' , takashi miike , japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ...
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity . --> anyones who wnts to start writin screenplays can just follow d sameee blueprint fr hundreds of other films , sell it t tha highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing yur identity .
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . --> cums o as a lang , laborious whine , d bellyaching of a paranoid andd unlikable mane .
we do n't even like their characters . --> we do n't even liek dia characters .
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . --> jus a collection of this ang dat -- wateva fills time -- w no unified whole .
the characters never change . --> d characters neva change .
even kids deserve better . --> even kids deserve betetr .
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . --> while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure thattt `` gangs '' e neva lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot dat 's peppered wid false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care bout .
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window . --> once ice-t sticks hiz mug i tha window of da couple 's bmw n begins haranguing tha wife en bad stge dialogue , all credibility flies outttttt the window .
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer . --> thiiisss e more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen o jerry springer .
into how long is this movie ? --> into hw lang e this movie ?
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . --> da work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star . --> think d lion king redone 4 horses , wth fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones en stunningly trite songz by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star .
you 'll probably love it . --> yo 'll prolly luv ii .
and for all the wrong reasons besides . --> and 4 all d wrng reasons besides .
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen . --> reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of da scary parts en ` signs ' occur while waitin for things t happen .
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand . --> i hiz debut as a director , washington hs a sure hand .
if you love him , you 'll like it . --> if yhu love him , yu 'll liek ii .
what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent . --> wat 's so fun bout dis silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is d director 's talent .
i like that smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them . --> im like thattt smith , he 's not making fun of deez people , he 's nt laughinf n dem .
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor . --> da logic of ii all wil b greek ta anyones naw predisposed t tha movie 's rude andd crude humour .
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . --> tha movie 's downfall e 2 substitute plot for personality .
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . --> so much bout d filmz e loopy n ludicrous ... that ii culd hve been a h00y n a bad-movie way if da laborious pacing n endless exposition had been tightened .
victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . --> victor rosa e leguizamo 's best movie work soooooo far , a subtle ang richly internalized performa .
psychologically savvy . --> psychologically savvy .
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making . --> a stirring tribute t d bravery aaand dedication of d world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not ony 2 record da events 4 posterity , but ta help us clearly see da world of our making .
a chilling movie without oppressive gore . --> a chillin movie whithout oppressive gore .
we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low . --> we assume he had a bad runnn jn da market orrr a costly divorce , because thwre is noo earthly reason otha than money why dis distinguished actor would stoop so low .
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy . --> star trek vas kind of terrific once , buht nah ii e a copy of a copy of a copy .
several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . --> several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films wrre hailed as da works of an artist .
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold . --> d riveting performances by d incredibly flexible cast make looove a joy t behold .
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . --> da most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of da year has arrived fr portugal .
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions . --> a thoughtful movie , a movie dat is concerned wif souls en risk andd schemes and d consequences of one 's actions .
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . --> da dramatic scenes r frequently unintentionally funny , andd da action sequences -- clearly da main event -- r surprisingly uninvolving .
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut . --> directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , en wholesale ineptitude wif acting , tone n pace v obviously mark him as a vid helmer making hiz feature debut .
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . --> because d intelligence level of the characters must b low , v low , very v low , for tha masquerade ta wrk , tha movie contains na wit , only labored gags .
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . --> viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle wil see ntn i ii ta match da ordeal of sitten through ii .
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . --> they ought 2 b a whole lottle scarier than dey r jn diss tepid genre offering .
as it turns out , you can go home again . --> as it turns outttttt , yuh can go homee again .
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones . --> ii 's far from a frothy piece , en tha characters r complex , laden wif plenty of baggage andd tinged with tragic undertones .
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories . --> his wrk transcends tha boy-meets-girl posturing of typical luff stories .
writer \/ director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable . --> writer \/ director m. nigjt shyamalan 's ability 2 pull together easily accessible stories tht resonate wit profundity e undeniable .
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . --> fontaine 's direction , esp her agreeably startling usa of close-ups and her grace wif a movin camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch . --> wahat bubbles upp outttttt of john c. walsh 's pipe dream e the distinct and v welcome sense of watchin intelligent pepul makin a movie nem might actually wnt t watch .
abysmally pathetic --> abysmally pathetic
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . --> instead of a balanced filmz za explains tha zeitgeist that e da x games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -lrb- unintentionally -rrb- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care . --> d issues r presented n such a lousy wayy , complete wif sum of d year 's -lrb- unintentionally -rrb- funniest moments , za it 's impossible t care .
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances . --> blessed wid two fine , nuanced lead performances .
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense . --> it all unfolds predictably , nd tha adventures thay happen along d waaay seem repetitive and designed t fill time , providing nah real sence of suspense .
an exhilarating experience . --> an exhilarating experience .
a dazzling dream of a documentary . --> a dazzling dream of a documentary .
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . --> narc e a no-bull throwback ta 1970s action films .
jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . --> jones ... makes a great impression as d writer-director of this lil $ 1.8 million charmer , which may nt b cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition --> in da disturbingly involving famly dysfunctional kdrama hw im killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst ang da emosh blockage thay accompanies dis humen condition
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . --> animated drivel meant ta enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? ' --> buht rather , ` hw can u charge money 4 diss ? '
`` austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . --> `` austin powers in goldmember '' has da right stuff for silly summer entertainment andd hs eugh laughs to sustain interest ta d end .
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . --> no rlly a thriller so much as a movie 4 teens ta laugh , groan en hiss at .
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . --> an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . --> famly portrait of nid , neurosis nd nervy negativity is a rare treat thay shows da promise of digital filmmaking .
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . --> d uneven movie does hav its charms en its funny moments bt nt quite eugh of dem .
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . --> it manages 2 squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair 4 self-deprecating comedy .
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . --> demme finally succeeds i diminishing his stature fr oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen . --> im 'm no sure which is worse : d poor actin by da ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida orrr da gutless direction by laurice guillen .
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . --> ii 's an ambitious film , nd as wth all ambitious films , it has sum problems .
like the best 60 ### minutes exposé , the film -lrb- at 80 ### minutes -rrb- is actually quite entertaining . --> like d best 60 ### mins exposé , da film -lrb- n 80 ### mins -rrb- e actully quite entertaining .
the lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . --> da lousy lead performances ... keep d movie fr every reaching the comic heights it obvi desired .
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . --> medem may havr disrobed most of da cast , leavin dia bodies exposed , be tha plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ? --> e ii rlly an advantage ta invest such subtlety andd warmth jn an animatronic bear wen da humans are acting lik puppets ?
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema . --> art-house to the core , read ym lips e a genre-curling crime story za revives the free-wheeling noir spirite of old french cinema .
madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . --> madonna hs made herself over so often nw , thwre 's apperntly nun lefft to workk wif , sort of liek michael jackson 's nose .
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . --> so exaggerated n broad dat it comes o as annoying rather than charming .
... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with . --> ... da story , lik ravel 's bolero , builds t a crescendo tht encompasses many more paths than we started wth .
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect . --> it hs fun wif da quirks of famly lifeee , be it also treats tha subject wid fondness n respect .
it should have stayed there . --> ii shuld have stayed thr .
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look . --> wellllll , ii probably wo n't have yiu swinging fr da trees hooting ii 's praises , be it 's deffo worth takin a look .
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love . --> bravo 4 history rewritten , aaand 4 da uncompromising knowledge thattt da highest power of all e the power of love .
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate . --> whattt a pity ... thattt d material e soooooo second-rate .
it 's that good . --> ii 's da goodd .
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` cherish ' a very good -lrb- but not great -rrb- movie . --> a mischievous visual style nd oodles of charm make ` cherish ' a v goodd -lrb- be nt great -rrb- movie .
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . --> enthusiastically takin upp the current teen movie concern wid bodily functions , walt becker 's film pushes all da demographically appropriate comic buttons .
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation . --> a truly wonderful tale combined wif stunning animation .
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia . --> directors brett morgen aaand nanette burstein havr put together a bold biographical fantasia .
... a confusing drudgery . --> ... a confusing drudgery .
it 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . --> ii 's a testament t d filmz 's considerable charm dat ii succeeds i entertaining , despite playing outttttt lyke a feature-length sitcom replete wth stereotypical familial quandaries .
-lrb- a -rrb- mess . --> -lrb- a -rrb- mess .
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . --> plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek aaand a recycled and dumbed-down version of looove story .
black-and-white and unrealistic . --> black-and-white en unrealistic .
-lrb- lin chung 's -rrb- voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating -lrb- at least to this western ear -rrb- , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters . --> -lrb- lin chung 's -rrb- voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating -lrb- n least ta diss western ear -rrb- , makin ii awfully hard ta buy d impetus 4 da complicated love triangle that develops betwn da three central characters .
it 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter . --> ii 's nt helpful ta listen ta extremist name-calling , regardless of whether yea think kissinger wes a calculating fiend orrr juz a slippery self-promoter .
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions . --> hardly an objective documentary , buht ii 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore orrr loathe him , youu 've got to admire ... d intensity with which he 's willing 2 express hiz convictions .
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . --> da movie e pretty funny now en then whithout in any way demeaning its subjects .
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity . --> a lovley filmz ... elegant , witty n beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable jn its own ryte though nt rlly faithful to its source 's complexity .
a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . --> a summary of da plot does n't quite do justice to da awfulness of the movie , 4 za cums throught all tooo painfully jn tha execution .
taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot . --> taken as a whole , d tuxedo does n't add up 2 a whole loooot .
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork . --> good-looking bt relentlessly lowbrow outing plays liek clueless does south fork .
intimate and panoramic . --> intimate en panoramic .
suffers from all the excesses of the genre . --> suffers from all tha excesses of da genre .
hate it because it 's lousy . --> hate ii because it 's lousy .
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . --> thiiisss rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie wld b a loooot betta if it pared dwm its plots ang characters t a few rather than dozens ... or if it wrre subtler ... orrr if it had a sense of humor .
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . --> biiiig fat liar e lil more than homee alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
a doa dud from frame one . --> a doa dud fr frame oooooneee .
why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? --> yy spend $ 9 on the sameee stuff you can get 4 a buck or so in thattt greasy little vidgame pit in d theatre lobby ?
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name . --> just the sort of lazy tearjerker dat gives movies bout ordinary folk a bad name .
`` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . --> `` homee movie '' e a sweet treasure and sumn wellllll worth yor time .
it 's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . --> ii 's enough to watch huppert scheming , w her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , ang 2 enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension za chabrol spins .
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it . --> the bottom line wth nemesis e tha sameee as ii has been wit all d films i d series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy ii , nd da uncommitted nid n't waste dey time on it .
robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . --> robinson 's web of suspense matches d page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional . --> ... a hokey piece of nonsense da tries tooo hard t be emosh .
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being . --> intelligent , caustic take o a great writer andd dubious humen bein .
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . --> like its title character , esther kahn is unusual bt unfortunately also irritating .
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . --> wer janice beard falters jn its recycled aspects , implausibility , n sags i pace , ii rises en its courageousness , ang comedic employment .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh . --> throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . --> a fairly harmless bt ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
i did n't laugh . --> im dd n't laugh .
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin . --> holm does hiz sly , intricate magic , aaand iben hjelje e entirely appealing as pumpkin .
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing . --> one of the funniest motion pictures of da year , buht ... also onew of da most curiously depressing .
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent . --> bielinsky e a filmmaker of impressive talent .
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go . --> such a premise e ripe 4 all manner of lunacy , but kaufman en gondry rarely seem sure of wer it shld go .
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . --> d filmz e ultimately bout as inspiring as a hallmark card .
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense . --> d troubling thing bout clockstoppers e da ii does n't make any sence .
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . --> uneven performances aaand a spotty script add upp 2 a biting satire that hs na teeth .
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . --> even o its own ludicrous terms , tha sum of all fears generates lil narrative momentum , en invites unflattering comparisons to otha installments in da ryan series .
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . --> boasts eugh funny dialogue andd sharp characterizations to b mildly amusing .
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . --> d most offensive thng about tha movie e da hollywood expects people t pay ta c it .
you do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . --> you do n't no whether ta admire d filmz 's stately nature n call ii classicism orrr b exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . --> tha author 's devotees wil probs fnk ii fascinating ; others may fnk ii baffling .
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals . --> d tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing tha cultural ang economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to da story 's morals .
it 's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . --> ii 's quaid who anchors the filmz with hiz effortless performa and thattt trademark grin of hiz -- soooo perf 4 a ballplayer .
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself . --> often messy n frustrating , but v pleasing n its best moments , ii 's very much like lifeee itself .
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land . --> n its dry andd forceful wayy , it delivers the sameee mesage as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains n danis tanovic 's nah mane 's land .
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it . --> sinks soo low n a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers n stoopid characters thattt even freeman ca n't save it .
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . --> dis e the kind of movie za gets a quick release b4 real contenders arrive en sep .
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing . --> talk ta her e naw d perf movie many hav made ii outttttt 2 b , bt ii 's stillll quite worth seein .
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness . --> it 's also built on a faulty premise , oooooneee it follows into melodrama aaand silliness .
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting . --> shafer 's feature does n't offer much n terms of plot or acting .
in fact , even better . --> in fact , even betetr .
feels familiar and tired . --> feela familiar en tiard .
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value . --> tha movie is too impressed wit its own solemn insights t workk up much entertainment value .
but it 's worth the concentration . --> bt it 's worth d concentration .
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away . --> a complex psychological kdrama abt a father who returns t hiz sonn 's homee after decades away .
the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them . --> da film 's intimate camera wrk and searing performances pull us deep into d girls ' confusion andd pain as hey struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between em .
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . --> humorous nd heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeli refreshed andd hopeful .
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight --> wat lee does soo marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for da struggle of black manhood i restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy buht nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder jn tha spotlight
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work . --> one thing you have ta give them credit for : da message of tha movie is consistent wth the messages espoused jn tha company 's prev vid wrk .
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief . --> e naw so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .
brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . --> brosnan 's finest non-bondish performa yet fails ta overcome tha filmz 's manipulative sentimentality en annoying stereotypes .
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor . --> an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . --> da storytelling may be ordinary , bt tha cast is onew of those all-star reunions thay fans of gosford park hv cum to assume e jus another dayy of brit cinema .
catch it ... if you can ! --> catch ii ... if you can !
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . --> 2 say za dis vapid vehicle e downright doltish en uneventful e juss as obvious as telling a country skunk thattt he hs severe body odor .
it 's not too much of anything . --> ii 's nt tooooooo much of anything .
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time . --> onew of tha most highly-praised disappointments im 've had da misfortune to watch jn quite some time .
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . --> everything wes as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it . --> da bard as black comedy -- willie woyld hv loved ii .
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual . --> memorable 4 a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid andd , by extension , its surprises limp aaand its resolutions ritual .
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . --> thiiisss e onew of those rare docs da paints a grand plc of an era aaand makes the journey feel lyk a paty .
the performances are remarkable . --> d performances r remarkable .
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . --> as much as im laughed throughout the movie , im can naw mount a cogent defense of tha filmz as entertainment , orrr even performa art , although da movie does leave you marveling at deez guys ' superhuman capacity t withstand pain .
not a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? --> naw a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found whattt time ?
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . --> everythang that vas right about blade is wrng i its sequel .
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . --> both a beautifully made nature filmz and a tribute t a woman whose passion 4 this region en its inhabitants still shines n her quiet blue eyes .
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood . --> dis e a shrewd nd effective filmz from a director who understands hw ta create andd sustain a mood .
-lrb- p -rrb- artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . --> -lrb- p -rrb- artnering murphy wid robert de niro 4 tha tv-cops comedy showtime would seem t b surefire casting .
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy . --> i have a confession 2 make : im dd n't particularly lyk e.t. tha first time i saw it as a young boy .
a captivating new film . --> a captivating new filmz .
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing --> ii tends 2 remind one of a really solid woody allen filmz , with its excellent usa of new york locales ang sharp writing
you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama . --> yea 'd havr to be a most hard-hearted person no ta b moved by diss kdrama .
this is just lazy writing . --> diss is juss lazy writin .
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho 's fans . --> a movie da wil surely b profane , politically charged music 2 d ears of cho 's fans .
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie 's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . --> while the ensemble player who gained notice en gal ritchie 's lock , stock aaand two smokin barrels n snatch hs the bod , he 's unlikely to becum a household name o tha basis of his first starring vehicle .
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . --> coppola hs made a filmz of intoxicating atmosphere en little else .
is one of this year 's very best pictures . --> e onew of thiiisss year 's v best pics .
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . --> da film e darkly funny n its observation of jus hw much more grueling ang time-consuming da illusion of workk e than actual workk .
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting . --> da strength of da filmz comes naw fr any cinematic razzle-dazzle bt fr its recovery of an historical episode thay , in d simple tellin , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 ### years apart . --> a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father nd his chilly sonn after 20 ### years apart .
ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city . --> ong 's promising debut e a warm and well-told tale of onew recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city .
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time . --> satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned n da sameee time .
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! '' --> trailer trash cinema soooo uncool the ony ting missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . --> wo n't b placed in d pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers be ii e a whole loooot of fun and yah get ta see d oooooneee of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , havr a whale of a gud time .
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . --> because the genre e well established , whet makes d movie fresh e smart writin , skewed characters , ang d title performa by kieran culkin .
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch . --> more sophisticated and literate than such pics usually r ... an amusing lil catch .
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . --> i found tha ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look n sound .
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice . --> a graceful , movin tribute to the courage of new york 's finest n a nicely understated expression of d grief shared by tha nation n dey sacrifice .
and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . --> and ii 's hardeeeer stillll to believe that anyones in his ryte mind wud wnt to see da ii .
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well . --> contrived as dis may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly wellllll .
mr. deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . --> mr. deeds is nt rlly a filmz as much as ii is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humour .
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . --> jus a string of stale gags , wit nah goood inside dope , and nah particular bite .
it 's always enthralling . --> ii 's a enthralling .
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . --> onew biiiig blustery movie wer nun rlly happens .
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . --> oooooneee of those rare films za sim as though ii vas written 4 no onew , buht somehow manages to convince almost everyone that ii wes put o the screen , just 4 em .
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . --> diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle n unfaithful .
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking . --> one of da very best movies ever made bout tha lifeee of moviemaking .
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title . --> e many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- bt above all ii 's a loce story as sanguine as its title .
but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . --> bt if da essence of magic e its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this e d opposite of a truly magical movie .
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy . --> a loud , brash en mainly unfunny high school comedy .
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard . --> watchin junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if yui were paying dues 4 gud books unread , fine music neva heard .
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds . --> an inuit masterpiece thay wil give u goosebumps as its uncanny tale of luv , communal discord , nd justice unfolds .
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music --> can be viewed as pure composition and form -- filmz as music
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . --> diss e a remake by da numbers , linking a halfwit plot 2 a series of standup routines n which wilson en murphy show hw funny nem could have been n a more ambitious movie .
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . --> d jokes r telegraphed shoo far jn advance hey must have been lost en d mail .
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack --> a cruelly funny twist o teen comedy packed w inventive cinematic tricks ang an ironically killer soundtrack
smarter than its commercials make it seem . --> smarter than its commercials make ii seem .
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility . --> a reasonably entertaining sequel 2 1994 's surprise famly hitt da may strain adult credibility .
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies . --> could hve been crisper en punchier , but ii 's likely ta pleaseee audiences who lyke movies thay demand four hankies .
a french film with a more down-home flavor . --> a french film with a more down-home flavour .
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it . --> wen a movie asks ur t feel sorry 4 mick jagger 's sex lifeee , ii alrdy hs onew strike against it .
an asian neo-realist treasure . --> an asian neo-realist treasure .
generic thriller junk . --> generic thriller junk .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . --> an honest , sensitive story fr a vietnamese point of view .
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . --> while some of the camera workk e interesting , da filmz 's mid-to-low budget e betrayed by da surprisingly shoddy makeup workk .
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . --> more than their unique residences , homee movie e bout tha peole who live en dem , who havr carved dia own comfortable niche n tha world and hv been kind enough t share ii .
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . --> apperntly , romantic comedy w a fresh point of view jst does n't figure n the present hollywood program .
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . --> thnx ta confident filmmaking andd a pair of fascinating performances , tha way 2 dat destination is a rlly special walk in tha woods .
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic . --> a compelling allegory bout d last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic .
or maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' --> or mybe `` hw wil chu feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock wid action confined to slo-mo gun firing nd random glass-shattering ? ''
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose . --> ii falls far short of poetry , bt ii 's naw bad prose .
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers . --> tha things this movie tries to get tha audience t buy jst wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -lrb- as best i remember -rrb- , but still a very good time at the cinema . --> sillier , cuter , and shorter than da fisrt -lrb- as best i remember -rrb- , buht stillll a v good time n the cinema .
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived . --> by tha time the surprise ending e reveale , interest can nt b revived .
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken . --> a sloppy slapstick throwback 2 lang gone bottom-of-the-bill fare lik d ghost andd mr. chicken .
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions . --> a beguiling evocation of the quality da keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emo .
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . --> scotland , pa e entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . --> i firmly believe that a goodd video game movie e goin ta show upp soon .
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . --> chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms wid propulsive incident .
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . --> the movie e bout as deep as tht sentiment .
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism . --> brainless , bt enjoyably over-the-top , tha retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo i a waaay thay borders o rough-trade homo-eroticism .
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular . --> if you ever wanted ta be an astronaut , thiiisss is tha ultimate movie experience - it 's informative nd breathtakingly spectacular .
even the digressions are funny . --> even da digressions r funny .
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks . --> nd , thnx 2 tha presence of ` d king , ' ii also rocks .
in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year . --> en otha words , bout as bad a filmz you 're likely to c all year .
visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . --> visually fascinating ... an often intense character study bout fathers ang sons , loyalty en duty .
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen . --> as violent , profane ang exploitative as the most offensive action flick yhu 've every seen .
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again . --> we 've seen tha hippie-turned-yuppie plot b4 , be theyr 's an enthusiastic charm in fire thattt makes tha formula fresh again .
gets better after foster leaves that little room . --> gets betetr after foster leaves that lil room .
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get . --> compulsively watchable , nah matter hw degraded things get .
-lrb- evans is -rrb- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . --> -lrb- evans e -rrb- a fascinating character , nd deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . --> the plot grows thin soon , n you fnk urself prayin 4 a quick resolution .
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? ' --> this is rote spookiness , wth nary an original idea -lrb- orrr role , or edit , orrr score , orrr anything , really -rrb- jn sight , nd d whole of tha proceedings beg d q ` why ? '
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . --> manages ta b wholesome aaand subversive n tha same time .
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . --> feels aimless 4 much of its runnin time , until late in da filmz whn a tidal wave of plot arrives , leavin questions en its wake .
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic . --> a few zingers aside , da writing e indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction e prosaic .
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . --> tha corpse count ultimately overrides whut little we learn along d waaay abt vicarious redemption .
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily . --> a wishy-washy melodramatic movie tht shows us plenty of sturm und drung , be explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with . --> a tiard , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture thattt vas n't all thattt great 2 begin wit .
is n't as sharp as the original ... despite some visual virtues , ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it . --> e n't as sharp as tha original ... despite sum visual virtues , ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it .
enigma lacks it . --> enigma lacks ii .
mr. caine and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances . --> mr. caine aaand mr. fraser r the whole show heree , wth their memorable nd resourceful performances .
too bad none of it is funny . --> tooooooo bad none of ii e funny .
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . --> overcomes its visual hideousness w a sharp script and strong performances .
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . --> thr 's noo conversion effort , much of tha writing e genuinely witty andd both stars r appealing enough ta prob havr a good shot n a hollywood career , if dey wnt onew .
yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . --> yet i its own aloof , unreachable way ii 's so fascinating you wo n't b able 2 look away 4 a sec .
this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers . --> thiiisss filmz puts wang at tha forefront of china 's sixth generation of filmz makers .
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother . --> a sobering en powerful documentary bout da most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by onew 's mother .
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . --> lyk tha full monty , diss e sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave dem singing lang after the credits roll .
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that . --> im ve allways appreciated a smartly written motion pict , aaand , wateva flaws igby goes dwm may possess , ii e undeniably za .
-lrb- n -rrb- o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . --> -lrb- n -rrb- o matter hw much goodd wil d actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days . --> not many movies ve thattt kind of impact o me dese fay .
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . --> after sitten thru this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , ii makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism o much tht he refuses ta evaluate hiz own wrk .
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . --> texan director george ratliff had unlimited access t families and church meetings , nd he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -lrb- including mine -rrb- on something very inconsequential . --> obviously , a lottle of people wasted a lot of dia time -lrb- including mine -rrb- o smth v inconsequential .
should have gone straight to video . --> shld hv gone str8 2 vid .
maryam is more timely now than ever . --> maryam is more timely now than every .
koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . --> koepp 's screenplay e n't nearly surprising orrr clever enuhh t sustain a reasonable degree of suspense o its own .
it deserves to be seen everywhere . --> ii deserves 2 b seen everywhere .
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . --> a timely look bck n civil disobedience , anti-war movements andd tha power of strong voices .
you do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california . --> you do n't nid ta knw ya ice-t 's fr your cool-j 's ta realise za as far as deez shootings are concerned , somethin e rotten jn da state of california .
by turns very dark and very funny . --> by turns v dark and v funny .
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque . --> completely awful iranian kdrama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah i a cold mosque .
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits . --> suspend yur disbelief heree en nw , orrr ayu 'll b shaking u head all d wayy t da credits .
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy . --> nuffin more than four orrr five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 min of overly-familiar n poorly-constructed comedy .
uneven but a lot of fun . --> uneven bt a loooot of fun .
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . --> tha satire e jus tooooooo easy ta b genuinely satisfying .
the biggest problem i have -lrb- other than the very sluggish pace -rrb- is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . --> da biggest problem i have -lrb- otha than the v sluggish pace -rrb- e we neva rlly c her esther blossom as an actress , even thoee her talent e supposed to b growing .
... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . --> ... ii 's as comprehensible as any dummies gguide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . --> a zombie movie jn every sence of d wrd -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
-lrb- moore 's -rrb- better at fingering problems than finding solutions . --> -lrb- moore 's -rrb- betetr n fingering problems than finding solutions .
... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . --> ... fuses da events of her lifeee wth tha imagery en her paintings so vividly tht d artist 's wrk may take o a striking new significance 4 anyones who sees da filmz .
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? --> e there a group of more self-absorbed women than tha muh and daughters featured in thiiisss film ?
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . --> theyr r cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , aaand many tiard jokes bout men i heels .
-lrb- green is -rrb- the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike . --> -lrb- green is -rrb- d comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , aaand im 'm just abt ready 2 go 2 tha u.n. aaand ask permission 4 a preemptive strike .
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . --> once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach ta rowling that stifles creativity nd allows tha filmz 2 drag o 4 nearly three hrs .
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares . --> sum of the characters die aaand others do n't , n tha filmz pretends that those livin ve learnt sum sort of lesson , andd , rlly , nobody in tha viewing audience cares .
brave and sweetly rendered love story . --> brave n sweetly rendered luff story .
for decades we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . --> 4 decades we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames n shadows n a hand-drawn animated world .
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor . --> tha level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status n gives ii a sturdiness nd solidity thay we 've long associated wif washington tha actor .
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . --> while tattoo borrows heavily fr both seven and d silence of tha lambs , ii manages t maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue nd human-scale characters za suck da audience i .
long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ### ways to leave this loser . --> lang before ii 's over , yu 'll b thinking of 51 ### ways 2 leave this loser .
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public --> da filmz belongs ta da marvellous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth muh who mourns her tragedies jn private en embraces lifeee in public
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation . --> a thought-provoking aaand often-funny drama abt isolation .
bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys . --> bittersweet comedy\/drama full of lifeee , hand gestures , ang sum rlly adorable italian guys .
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial . --> da town has kind of an authentic feel , bt each oooooneee of deez people stand outttttt andd everybody else is in d background n ii just sim manufactured t me n artificial .
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies . --> dis e a sincerely crafted pic that deserves t emerge fr da traffic jam of holiday movies .
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity . --> remarkable for its intelligence aaand intensity .
a complete waste of time . --> a complete waste of time .
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike . --> shuld b required viewing 4 civics classes en would-be public servants alike .
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives . --> an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride . --> youuu neva nuh wer changing lanes e goin t take chu buht ii 's a heck of a ride .
resident evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . --> resident evil e n't a product of its cinematic predecessors soo much as an mtv , sugah hysteria , and playstation cocktail .
that works . --> tht works .
what 's most memorable about circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb . --> wh 's most memorable abt circuit e that ii 's shot o digital vid , whose tiny camera enables shafer 2 navigate spaces both large ... and small ... wit considerable aplomb .
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . --> da journey e worth your time , esp if ur hve ellen pompeo sittin nxt 2 you 4 the ride .
a classy , sprightly spin on film . --> a classy , sprightly spin o filmz .
frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . --> frankly , ii 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . --> in addition ta da overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all da actors reaching 4 d bck row , the dialogue sounds lyk horrible poetry .
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . --> watching austin powers en goldmember e like binging on cotton candy .
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . --> nothing overly original , mind yuh , bt solidly entertaining .
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . --> ii ends upp bein neither , aaand fails n both endeavors .
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . --> soooo putrid it e not worth d price of tha match za shuld b used ta burn every print of the filmz .
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . --> onew of d finest , most humane aaand important holocaust movies every made .
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . --> this fascinating look at israel i ferment feela as immediate as da latest news footage fr gaza en , cus of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . --> if villainous vampires r your cup of blood , blade 2 e deffo a cut above the r .
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . --> if swimfan does catch on , ii may b bcos teens are lookin for something ta make them laugh .
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . --> a shame za stealing harvard is tooo busy getting en its own waaay t b anything buht frustrating , boring , ang forgettable .
refreshing . --> refreshing .
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men . --> a clichéd en shallow cautionary tale abt tha hard-partying lives of gay men .
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . --> by d end of ii all im sort of loved tha people onscreen , even thou im culd nt stand them .
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . --> d waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . --> ... a rich en intelligent film dat uses its pulpy core conceit ta probe questions of attraction and interdependence andd hw tha heart accomodates practical needs .
while the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . --> while the filmz e competent , ii 's also uninspired , lacking da real talent andd wit ta elevate ii beyond its formula ta tha level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
the locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand . --> da locale ... remains far more interesting than tha story n hand .
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them . --> releasing a film wth tha word ` dogg ' jn its title i january lends itself 2 easy jokes nd insults , and snow dogs deserves every single oooooneee of em .
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life . --> alternating between facetious comic parody ang pulp melodrama , dis smart-aleck movie ... tosses around sum intriguing questions abt da difference between humen andd android lifeee .
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates . --> director todd solondz hs made a movie abt critical reaction t hiz two prev movies , nd bout his responsibility ta the characters thay he creates .
shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . --> shankman ... n screenwriter karen janszen bungle dey waaay throught da narrative as if ii wrre a series of bible parables and nt an actual story .
cinematic poo . --> cinematic poo .
she 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations . --> she 's as rude aaand profane as ever , alwayz hilarious nd , most of the time , absolutely ryte i her stinging social observations .
i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ... --> i ca n't begin ta tell yu hw tedious , hw resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of thiiisss e , n what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block . --> buries an interesting storyline abt morality ang d choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés n borrowed images za ii might more accurately b titled mr. chips o the oll block .
in an art film ! --> jn an art film !
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . --> presents a side of contemporary chinese lifeee da many outsiders wil b surprised ta know exists , andd does shoo w an artistry dat also smacks of revelation .
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . --> after watching ii , youu can only luff d players ii brings t the fore 4 tha gifted be no-nonsense humen beings nem r andd 4 da still-inestimable contribution dey hv made to our shared history .
promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish . --> promises e a compelling piece that demonstrates jst hw wellllll children can b trained ta live outttttt en carry on their parents ' anguish .
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . --> ii e most remarkable naw bcs of its epic scope , bt bc of d startling intimacy it achieves despite tht breadth .
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side . --> robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial mane in favour of an altogether darker side .
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . --> d sweetest thng e expressly 4 idiots who do n't care wahat kind of sewage hey shovel into dey mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . --> tha film would havr been more enjoyable had da balance shifted n favour of water-bound action over d land-based ` kdrama , ' but the emphasis o d latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down . --> tackles tha difficult subject of grief nd loss with such life-embracing spirit za tha theme does n't drag an audience dwm .
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . --> a disaster of a kdrama , saved ony by its winged assailants .
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows . --> playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson o da top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
the story itself is actually quite vapid . --> d story itself e actully quite vapid .
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed . --> dis orange has sum juice , be ii 's far fr fresh-squeezed .
he does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash . --> he does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of d show 's trademark style n flash .
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . --> nah amount of gud intentions e able to overcome d triviality of the story .
the film has several strong performances . --> d filmz hs several strong performances .
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah . --> nun heree sim as funny as it did en analyze dis , naw even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah .
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . --> d wild thornberrys movie has all d sibling rivalry n general famly chaos to which anyones can relate .
too predictably , in fact . --> tooooooo predictably , en fact .
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . --> whut makes hw im killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , e fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships whithout flinching .
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . --> ii e that rare combination of bad writin , bad direction nd bad actin -- d trifecta of badness .
japanese director shohei imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime . --> japanese director shohei imamura 's latest filmz is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of tha sophomoric and tha sublime .
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears . --> onew of d more glaring signs of thiiisss movie 's servitude 2 its superstar e tha waaay ii skirts around any scenes thattt might have required genuine actin fr ms. spears .
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company . --> jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humour tht e naw even as daring as john ritter 's glory fay o three 's company .
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . --> nt tooo fancy , naw tooo filling , not tooo fluffy , but definitley tasty andd sweet .
a true pleasure . --> a true pleasure .
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck . --> lacks the spirite of d prev two , and makes all those jokes bout hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem lyke mere splashing around i da muck .
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . --> if you go into the theatre expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon b lookin for a sign .
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling . --> a movie of technical skill n rare depth of intellect nd feelin .
i loved this film . --> im loved diss filmz .
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . --> if diss e cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ? --> culd thiiisss b the first major studio production shot o vid tape instead of film ?
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . --> 4 d most part , ii works beautifully as a movie whithout sacrificing da integrity of tha opera .
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert . --> ii 's loud n boring ; watching it e lik being trapped n a bad rock concert .
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis . --> probably tha best case 4 christianity since chesterton and lewis .
i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . --> im suspect dat yiu 'll b as bored watching morvern callar as tha characters are in ii .
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . --> thiiisss ill-conceived ang expensive project winds up lookin lyk a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . --> this e oooooneee of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , be also oooooneee of hiz most uncanny .
sparse but oddly compelling . --> sparse be oddly compelling .
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . --> despite da opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem ta match d power of dey surroundings .
it 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today . --> it 's a powerful thoee flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump i yor throat while reaffirming washington as possibly d best actor working jn movies 2day .
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . --> the movie e virtually whithout context -- journalistic orrr historical .
-lrb- the film 's -rrb- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers . --> -lrb- tha filmz 's -rrb- taste 4 `` shock humour '' wil wearr thin o all bt those weaned on d comedy of tom green nd da farrelly bros .
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation . --> as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . --> lan yu is a genuine looove story , full of traditional layers of awakening en ripening and separation en recovery .
-lrb- washington 's -rrb- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . --> -lrb- washington 's -rrb- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirite andd goood taste are reflected n almost every scene .
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm . --> ony bout as sexy en dangerous as an actress en a role da reminds n every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't . --> i 'm lefft slightly disappointed that it dd n't .
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men . --> diss e lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , bt it 's pleasant eugh -- n oozing wif attractive men .
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon . --> im wes impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling tha plug o tha conspirators en averting an american-russian armageddon .
entertaining enough , but nothing new --> entertaining enough , be ntn new
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance . --> pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy andd melodrama , tastelessness nd swooning elegance .
changing lanes tries for more . --> changing lanes tries for more .
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances . --> the predominantly amateur cast e painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing r da performances .
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken . --> tha filmz exudes the urbane sweetness za woody allen seems t havr bitterly forsaken .
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining . --> ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds nuff flourishes n freak-outs t make it entertaining .
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . --> 4 hiz fisrt attempt at filmz noir , spielberg presents a fascinating buht flawed look at d near futur .
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family . --> a lively andd engaging examination of hw similiar obsessions can dominate a family .
certainly the performances are worthwhile . --> certainly d performances are worthwhile .
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -lrb- director phillip -rrb- noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . --> fifty years after da fact , da world 's political situation seems lil diffffff , and -lrb- director phillip -rrb- noyce brings outttttt da allegory with remarkable skill .
i do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold . --> im do n't feel tha least bit ashamed en admitting tht m enjoyment came n d expense of seein justice served , even if ii 's a dish tht 's best served cold .
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . --> d actin en pauline andd paulette e goood all round , but wht rlly sets the filmz apart e debrauwer 's refusal 2 psh d easy emosh buttons .
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . --> spectacularly beautiful , no ta mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete wif virtuoso throat-singing .
a weird and wonderful comedy . --> a weiiiiird aaand wonderful comedy .
smart and taut . --> smart en taut .
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . --> a non-britney person might survive a screening wid lil harm done , except mybe 4 tha last 15 min , which are as maudlin as any after-school special yah can imagine .
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . --> dis e onew of tha outstanding thrillers of recent years .
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . --> i da end , tha filmz e less d cheap thriller yiu 'd expect than ii e a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods pple whose orbits wil inevitably n dangerously collide .
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise . --> a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that sim to be , horrifyingly , every on da rise .
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . --> every individual wil c da movie thru d prism of hiz or her own beliefs en prejudices , be the oooooneee thing most wil take away e da sence tht p e posible .
an extraordinary dramatic experience . --> an extraordinary dramatic experience .
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . --> piccoli 's performa e ammmazing , yes , be tha symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the filmz seem irritatingly transparent .
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . --> nah filmz culd possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
it 's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf . --> ii 's clear y deuces wild , which wos shot two years ago , hs been gathering dust o mgm 's shelf .
drowning 's too good for this sucker . --> drowning 's tooooooo good 4 dis sucker .
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it . --> if im culd hv looked into mah futur andd saw hw bad this movie wes , im would go bck aaand choose ta skip ii .
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west . --> as inept as big-screen remakes of da avengers and tha wild wild west .
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized . --> everythang -- even lifeee o an aircraft carrier -- e sentimentalized .
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events . --> a bittersweet filmz , simple i form bt rich with human events .
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached . --> a classic fairy tale da perfectly captures d wonders and worries of childhood en a waaay that few movies have every approached .
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . --> directed with purpose n finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes da move fr pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill t commercial fare with real thematic heft .
it 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise . --> ii 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . --> cletis is playful be highly studied nd dependent 4 its success o a patient viewer .
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ? --> would benigni 's italian pinocchio ve been any easier 2 sit through than dis hastily dubbed disaster ?
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . --> this e a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission wit na signs of lifeee .
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down . --> theyr 's an admirable rigor ta jimmy 's relentless anger , and t d script 's refusal of a happy ending , bt as those monologues stretch o ang o , yuh realise thwre 's noo place for this story t go but down .
i 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper . --> im 'll stay wth the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , aaand deeper .
it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud . --> ii 's a movie za ends with truckzilla , 4 cryin ' outttttt loud .
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . --> chalk ii upp as da worst kind of hubristic folly .
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one . --> da story , once ii gets rolling , is nuffin short of a great onew .
they just do n't work in concert . --> they just do n't workk in concert .
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 ### behind the music episode . --> an unintentionally surreal kidd 's picture ... i which actors i bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 ### behind d music episode .
both damning and damned compelling . --> both damning and damned compelling .
it 's not original enough . --> ii 's naw original enuhh .
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . --> apart fr anything else , dis e onew of the best-sustained ideas im have ever seen o the screen .
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . --> d adventures of pluto nash e a whole loooot of nada .
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff . --> a meditation on faith aaand madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
he 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness . --> he 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of hiz own coolness .
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material . --> diss 100-minute movie ony hs about 25 minutes of decent material .
a serious movie with serious ideas . --> a serious movie with serious ideas .
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . --> attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are o old-fashioned en , dare im say , outdated , ii 's a wonder da he culd n't hav brought smth fresher t d proceedings simply by accident .
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . --> plot , characters , kdrama , emo , ideas -- all r irrelevant t tha experience of seein the scorpion king .
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . --> stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity andd violence , labute does manage ta make a few points abt modern mane andd hiz problematic quest 4 humen connection .
it 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming . --> it 's tha cuteeee frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin ang kidman da keep this nicely wound clock nt juss ticking , bt humming .
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . --> leave ii 2 d french ta truly capture da terrifying angst of d modern working mane whithout turning da filmz into a cheap thriller , a dum comedy orrr a sappy melodrama .
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm . --> beautiful to watch n holds a certain charm .
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson . --> campbell scott finds d ideal outlet 4 hiz flick-knife diction jn d role of roger swanson .
then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ... --> then you 'd do wellllll 2 check this oooooneee outttttt because it 's str8 upp twin peaks action ...
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks . --> dat neither protagonist hs a distinguishable condition hardly matters coz both are juss actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness en a handful of quirks .
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . --> land , ppl and narrative flow together i a stark portrait of motherhood deferred en desire explored .
barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material . --> barney 's ideas bout creation en identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by waaay of whattt can be gleaned fr thiiisss three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 ### tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year . --> build sum robots , haul 'em to tha theatre wif you for d late show , aaand put o u own mystery science theatre 3000 ### tribute to what e almost certainly goin ta go dwm as da worst -- n ony -- killer webside movie of thiiisss or any otha year .
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement . --> cineasts wil revel in those visual in-jokes , as en da filmz 's verbal pokes n everythang fr the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style t tha stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement .
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe . --> bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie --> despite tha fact za thiiisss film wos n't as bad as im thought ii was goin ta b , ii 's stillll naw a gd movie
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . --> be diss time , da ol mib label stands 4 milder e n't better .
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? --> forget da misleading title , what 's wif da unexplained baboon cameo ?
it 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long . --> ii 's clotted wth heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology aaand endless scenic shots za make 105 min seem twice as long .
what 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . --> wat 's surprising abt diss traditional thriller , moderately successful bt naw completely satisfying , e exactly hw genteel aaand unsurprising d execution turns outttttt 2 b .
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit . --> yet another entry n tha sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre da wes ushered n by d full monty aaand e stillll straining to produce another smash hit .
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here . --> every conceivable mistake a director culd make jn filming opera hs been perpetrated heree .
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality . --> da film 's desire t be liked somtime undermines the possibility 4 an exploration of tha thornier aspects of tha nature\/nurture argument n regards t homosexuality .
a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original . --> a standard police-oriented kdrama that , wrre it not 4 de niro 's participation , wld have likely wound upp a tnt original .
with notorious c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . --> wid notorious c.h.o. cho proves she hs the stuff ta stand tall wit pryor , carlin en murphy .
watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . --> watching diss filmz , onew e legt with tha inescapable conclusion thattt hitchens ' obsession w kissinger e , n bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire ta purge the world of da tooth aaand claw of humen power .
e.t. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . --> e.t. works cuzz its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore ang 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of d existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
yes , it 's as good as you remember . --> yes , ii 's as goodd as you remember .
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . --> 4 veggietales fans , this e more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing . --> full of detail abt the mane andd his country , and e wellllll worth seein .
little more than a well-mounted history lesson . --> lil more than a well-mounted history lesson .
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want . --> peter jackson and company once again dazzle n delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan orrr a movie-going neophyte culd want .
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same . --> this tale has been told and retold ; da races ang rackets change , bt da song remains d sameee .
a joyous occasion --> a joyous occasion
-lrb- `` take care of my cat '' -rrb- is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals . --> -lrb- `` take care of ma cat '' -rrb- e an honestly nice lil film da takes us o an examination of young adult lifeee jn urban south korea throught tha hearts ang minds of tha five principals .
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . --> novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose dat ii seeks excitement in manufactured high kdrama .
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece . --> one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain . --> tryin ta figure outttttt d rules of d country bear universe -- wen are bears bears en wen r dey lik humans , only hairier -- woyld tax einstein 's brain .
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy . --> a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy .
you have no affinity for most of the characters . --> ayu havr no affinity 4 most of d characters .
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . --> its salient points r simultaneously buried , drowned en smothered in da excesses of writer-director roger avary .
whether or not you buy mr. broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . --> whether orrr not youu buy mr. broomfield 's findings , tha film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as d slight , pale mr. broomfield continues 2 force himself o pepl ang into situations tht woyld make lesser men runnn 4 cover .
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick . --> a relentless , bombastic aaand ultimately empty world war ii action flick .
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . --> charlotte somtime e a brilliant movie .
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . --> move over bond ; diss gurl deserves a sequel .
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 . --> an exceptionally dreary andd overwrought bit of workk , every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt fr 1998 .
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . ' --> 4 a story set n sea , ghost ship e pretty landbound , wid its leaden actin , dull exposition n telegraphed ` surprises . '
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! --> congrats disney o a job wellllll done , im enjoyed ii jst as much !
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . --> a muddy psychological thriller rife wit miscalculations .
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? --> e ii posible 4 a documentary to b utterly entranced by its subject en stillll show virtually no understanding of ii ?
it 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety . --> it 's a piece of handiwork thay shows its indie tatters aaand self-conscious seams n places , but hs sum quietly movin moments ang an intelligent subtlety .
the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . --> the movie 's plot e almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two orrr three times beyond its limit 2 sustain a laugh .
in between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . --> in betwn all tha emosh seesawing , ii 's hard to figure d depth of deez two literary figures , en even d times in which hey lived .
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women . --> expect nah major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , bt da filmz sits wif square conviction nd touching goodd sense on d experience of its women .
an exit sign , that is . --> an exit sign , that e .
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . --> beautifully crafted ang brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into tha complexities of d midd east struggle andd into d humanity of its ppe .
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining ! --> entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare im say , entertaining !
just dreadful . --> just dreadful .
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . --> bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult n unbearably beautiful .
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing . --> a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , nd rousing .
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . --> d advantage of a postapocalyptic setting e that it can b made o d cheap .
yet another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 ### is as generic as its title . --> yet another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 ### e as generic as its title .
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . --> b4 it collapses into exactly d kind of buddy cop comedy it set outttttt 2 lampoon , anywayy .
... while dark water is n't a complete wash -lrb- no pun intended -rrb- , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . --> ... while dark wada e n't a complete wash -lrb- na pun intended -rrb- , watched side-by-side with ringu , ii ultimately cums o as a pale successor .
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel . --> plays outttttt wif a dogged nd eventually winning squareness dat woyld make ii d darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism . --> onew feels tha dimming of a certain ambition , bt in its place a sweetness , clarity en emosh openness dat recalls tha classics of early italian neorealism .
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off . --> the script 's judgment and sence of weight e wayy , wayy off .
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . --> despite its dry wit nd compassion , d filmz suffers fr a philosophical emptiness ang maddeningly sedate pacing .
is a mess . --> e a mess .
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . --> adroit be finally a trifle flat , mad luv does n't galvanize its outrage the wayy , say , jane campion might hav done , buht at least ii possesses some .
... quite endearing . --> ... quite endearing .
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity . --> hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . --> a domestic melodrama wif weak dialogue en biopic cliches .
a little better than sorcerer 's stone . --> a lil better than sorcerer 's stone .
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . --> nuffin short of wonderful wth its ten-year-old female protagonist nd its steadfast refusal 2 set up a dualistic battle between goood n evil .
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . '' --> almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ''
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern . --> imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity . --> theyr 's na point of view , na contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're lefft thinkin tha ony reason ta make the movie e coz present standards allow 4 plenty of nudity .
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect . --> a listless sci-fi comedy jn which eddie murphy deploys two guises n elaborate futuristic sets 2 noo particularly memorable effect .
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance . --> renner carries much of the filmz wit a creepy nd dead-on performa .
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . --> d film fits into a genre dat hs been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , ang yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant wit originality .
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . --> da sequel plays outttttt lyk a flimsy excuse t give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doin battle wid dozens of bad guys -- n once .
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . --> wendigo wnts 2 b a monster movie 4 tha art-house crowd , bt ii falls into d trap of pretention almost every time .
steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it . --> steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris soooooo much as distill ii .
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one . --> a compelling yarn , buht naw quite a ripping onew .
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear . --> if routine action and jokes like this r your cup of bea , then pay yor $ 8 n get ready 4 the biiiig shear .
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . '' --> tale wil b all tooooooo familiar 4 anyones who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` tha sting . ''
warm and exotic . --> warm nd exotic .
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster . --> d movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason ii 's so lackluster .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . --> rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than tha results .
like a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . --> liek a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee e derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped outttttt ang discarded .
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides . --> a dazzling thang t behold -- as lang as ya 're wearin da somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles da theatre provides .
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . --> ii 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt kdrama .
here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . --> heree 's yet another cool crime movie dat acttually manages t bring somthin new into da mix .
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . --> oooooneee of those movies thattt make us pause and think of what we havr given upp to acquire da fast-paced contemporary society .
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment . --> done n mostly by a weak script za ca n't support tha epic treatment .
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare . --> unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story t suit da sensibilities of a young american , a decision dat plucks `` d four feathers '' bare .
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof . --> uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
deserving of its critical backlash and more . --> deserving of its critical backlash aaand more .
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ? --> do we rlly nid another film za praises female self-sacrifice ?
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . --> more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal en more relevant than 9 1\/2 weeks , unfaithful e n once intimate ang universal cinema .
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing . --> tha wonder of mostly martha e the performa of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee . --> a battle between bug-eye theatre andd dead-eye matinee .
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . --> like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty e richly detailed , deftly executed andd utterly absorbing .
it 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? --> ii 's hard 2 say who might enjoy dis , r thr tolstoy groupies outttttt there ?
this movie is to be cherished . --> diss movie e t b cherished .
in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . --> n all fairness , im must report tht the childrens of varying ages jn mi audience neva coughed , fidgeted orrr romped up and down da aisles 4 bathroom breaks .
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . --> da screenplay e hugely overwritten , w tons en tons of dialogue -- most of it given t childrens .
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel . --> entertains nt shoo much cos of its music orrr comic antics , be thru da perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape tha bottom of its own cracker barrel .
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor . --> ryan gosling ... e n 22 a powerful young actor .
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson . --> im am highly amused by the idea tht we hav cum ta a point i society whr it hs been deemed important nuff to make a film en which sum1 has to b hired 2 portray richard dawson .
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle . --> while dis movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle .
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . --> 4 those who r intrigued by politics of tha '70s , the filmz e every bit as fascinating as ii is flawed .
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama . --> an absorbing aaand unsettling psychological kdrama .
like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . --> lyk tha best of godard 's movies ... ii e visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
spare but quietly effective retelling . --> spare bt quietly effective retelling .
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . --> tha story thay emerges hs elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . --> dis e an insultingly inept ang artificial examination of grief en its impacts upon tha relationships of the survivors .
it 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to . --> ii 's a strange filmz , onew thay wos hard 4 me ta warm upp ta .
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie . --> a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freakin out does no make 4 much of a movie .
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . --> harks back 2 a time when movies had more t do wid imagination than market research .
all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers . --> all d queen 's men e a throwback war movie that fails o soooooo many levels , it shld pay reparations to viewers .
fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy . --> fessenden 's narrative e juz as much about tha ownership andd redefinition of myth as ii e bout a domestic unit finding dey way 2 joy .
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess . --> da exclamation point seems t b tha ony bit of glee youuu 'll find en thiiisss dreary mess .
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . --> a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum --> a must c 4 all sides of d political spectrum
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . --> da storylines r woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots r breathtaking , aaand d overall experience e awesome .
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd . --> skip da filmz andd buy da philip glass soundtrack cd .
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . --> ... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue andd a heroine who comes across as both shallow aaand dim-witted .
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . --> forages for audience sympathy liek a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care 4 its decrepit freaks beyond d promise of a reprieve fr dia incessant whining .
an action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat . --> an action\/thriller of tha finest kind , evoking memories of dayy of tha jackal , d french connection , en heat .
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . --> beyond d cleverness , the weirdness ang tha pristine camerawork , one hour photo e a sobering meditation o yy we take pics .
the best part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis . --> the best part bout `` gangs '' vas daniel day-lewis .
... hypnotically dull . --> ... hypnotically dull .
we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . --> we ca n't accuse kung pow 4 misfiring , since ii e exactly whut it wnts to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
but then again , i hate myself most mornings . --> be then again , im hate myselff most mornings .
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . --> although purportedly a study i modern alienation , it 's rlly lil more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating nd deadeningly drawn-out .
it can be safely recommended as a video\/dvd babysitter . --> ii can be safely recommended as a video\/dvd babysitter .
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . --> d movie should jolt yea out of your seat a couple of times , give yu a few laughs , andd leave yea feelin liek ii was worth yur seven bucks , even though ii does turn outttttt 2 b a bit of a cheat in da end .
part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz . --> part of tha filmz 's cheeky charm cums fr its vintage schmaltz .
a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . ' --> a fun famly movie tht 's suitable 4 all ages -- a movie dat wil make youu laugh , cry andd realise , ` ii 's neva too late 2 believe i ya dreams . '
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . --> unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to b introverted young men wit fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics --> thr is somthin tht e soooooo meditative nd lyrical bout babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian kdrama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking lil ditty thattt manages to show tha gentille nd humane side of midd eastern world politics
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches -lrb- vainly , i think -rrb- for something fresh to say . --> ii winds upp movin en many directions as ii searches -lrb- vainly , im think -rrb- 4 summn fresh to say .
it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . --> ii 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table aaand then served up kraft macaroni aaand cheese .
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller --> wth orrr whithout the sex , a wonderful tale of luv aaand destiny , told wellllll by a master storyteller
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative . --> rifkin noo doubt fancies himself summn of a hubert selby jr. , but thr is n't an ounce of honest poetry i hiz entire script ; it 's simply crude nd unrelentingly exploitative .
but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker . --> buht ii wil just as likely make youo weep , en ii wil do so i a wayy za does n't make u feel lyke a sucker .
the acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 ### minutes , especially with the weak payoff . --> tha actin is jst fine , bt theyr 's naw enuhh substance heree 2 sustain interest 4 da full 90 ### mins , esp wit da weak payoff .
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . --> romantic comedy ang dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , be they turn outttttt t b delightfully compatible here .
-lrb- a -rrb- rather thinly-conceived movie . --> -lrb- a -rrb- rather thinly-conceived movie .
good , solid storytelling . --> goood , solid storytelling .
it 's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions . --> ii 's a treat watchin shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions .
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half --> the film does n't sustain its initial promise wit a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into d sec half
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie . --> a smug andd convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment t pass whithout reminding audiences da ii 's ony a movie .
um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ? --> um ... e n't dat tha basis 4 tha entire plot ?
-lrb- has -rrb- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true . --> -lrb- hs -rrb- an immediacy en an intimacy thay sucks you in andd dares you naw t believe it 's all true .
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . --> a deftly entertaining filmz , smartly played ang smartly directed .
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . --> bogdanovich taps deep into d hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving . --> a terrible movie that sum ppe wil nevertheless find movin .
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago ... --> 2 blandly go wer we went 8 movies ago ...
the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . --> da film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- fr the tv movie-esque , affected child actin t tha dullest irish pub scenes every filmed .
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . --> craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should b commended for illustrating da merits of fightin hard 4 somethin dat rlly matters .
rosenthal -lrb- halloween ii -rrb- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . --> rosenthal -lrb- halloween ii -rrb- seems 2 hv forgotten everythang he ever knew abt generating suspense .
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . --> bt it 's defiantly and delightfully against da grain .
famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer . --> famuyiwa 's feature deals wid its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us ta endure every plot contrivance dat d cliché-riddled genre can offer .
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy . --> ` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... buht da movie hs a tougher time balancing its violence wid kafka-inspired philosophy .
-lrb- toback 's -rrb- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material . --> -lrb- toback 's -rrb- fondness 4 fancy split-screen , stuttering editing ang pompous references ta wittgenstein en kirkegaard ... blends uneasily wth d titillating material .
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon . --> at a time when commercialism hs squeezed tha lifeee outttttt of wateva idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio 's career shines lyke a lonely beacon .
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -lrb- teen comedy -rrb- genre a bad name . --> the type of dumbed-down exercise jn stereotypes da gives da -lrb- teen comedy -rrb- genre a bad name .
elegant and eloquent -lrb- meditation -rrb- on death and that most elusive of passions , love . --> elegant nd eloquent -lrb- meditation -rrb- o death and thattt most elusive of passions , looove .
weird . --> weiiiiird .
-lrb- clooney 's -rrb- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh . --> -lrb- clooney 's -rrb- debut can be accused of bein a bit undisciplined , but ii hs a tremendous , offbeat sense of style aaand humour dat suggests he wos influenced by sum of da filmmakers who hve directed him , esp tha coen bros andd steven soderbergh .
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess . --> pair thay w really poor comedic writin ... and yo 've got a huge mess .
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack . --> d audience whn im saw thiiisss one wos chuckling n all the wrng times , aaand that 's a bad sign whn dey 're supposed 2 be having a collective heart attack .
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me -lrb- horrors ! -rrb- --> nicholas nickleby celebrates d humen spirite with such unrelenting dickensian decency za ii turned mi -lrb- horrors ! -rrb-
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . --> romanek 's themes r every bit as distinctive as hiz visuals .
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming . --> no worse a filmz than breaking out , n breaking outttttt vas utterly charming .
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . --> scooby doo e surely everythang its fans r hoping ii will b , ang jn thattt sense e a movie tht deserves recommendation .
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . --> a dim-witted nd lazy spin-off of d animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter e entertainment opportunism n its most glaring .
... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit . --> ... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks soooooo badly of hard-sell image-mongering chu 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist shuld share screenwriting credit .
will anyone who is n't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ? --> wil anyone who e n't a fangoria subscriber b excited thattt ii hs n't gone str8 2 vid ?
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes . --> your childrens wil b occupied for 72 minutes .
exciting and well-paced . --> exciting en well-paced .
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter . --> lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex ang luff , as byron aaand luther ... realize dey ca n't get na satisfaction whithout da latter .
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . --> lik rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs t take a good sweat 2 clarify hiz cinematic vision b4 hiz nxt creation andd remember the lessons of the trickster spyder .
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . --> tha ammmazing film work e soo convincing that by movies ' end you 'll sware yuh r wet i sum places and feel sand creeping in others .
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . --> femme fatale offers nothin more than a bait-and-switch that e beyond playin fair wit da audience .
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption . --> combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , nd genuine heart ta create a film thay 's not merely abt kicking undead \*\*\* , bt also abt dealing wth regret andd , ultimately , finding redemption .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny . --> jst a bunch of gd actors flailing around en a caper dat 's neither original nor terribly funny .
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . --> d movie does its best 2 work us over , wit second helpings of luff , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two seperate crises during marriage ceremonies , aaand da lush scenery of da cotswolds .
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . --> filled with honest performances aaand exceptional detail , baran e a gentle film wth dramatic punch , a haunting ode ta humanity .
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue . --> rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend lang overdue .
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer --> takashi miike keeps pushing tha envelope : ichi tha killer
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat . --> more likely ta hav u scratchin u head than hiding under ur seat .
fairly run-of-the-mill . --> fairly run-of-the-mill .
so could young romantics out on a date . --> o culd young romantics outttttt o a date .
despite its flaws ... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . --> despite its flaws ... belinsky is stillll able ta create an engaging story dat keeps you guessing n almost every turn .
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . --> da secrets of time travel wil hve been discovered , indulged jn aaand rejected as boring before im c this piece of crap again .
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy . --> d script boasts some tart tv-insider humour , buht the filmz hs not a trace of humanity orrr empathy .
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves . --> thoee ii 's no v wellllll shot orrr composed or edited , the score e tooo insistent ang da dialogue is frequently overwrought nd crudely literal , da filmz shatters you en waves .
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . --> satin rouge is nt a new , orrr inventive , journey , buht ii 's encouraging ta c a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled wth such sensitivity .
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . --> due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , da r of the cast cums across as stick figures reading lines fr a teleprompter .
it 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . --> it 's so crammed wth scenes n vistas and pretty moments that ii 's lefft a few crucial things out , like character development aaand coherence .
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . --> a hypnotic cyber hymn andd a cruel story of youth culture .
noyce has worked wonders with the material . --> noyce hs worked wonders wth da material .
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama . --> a somtime incisive ang sensitive portrait thattt e undercut by its awkward structure aaand a final veering toward melodrama .
no thanks . --> noo thx .
despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer . --> despite da predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural actin ang a look at `` d real americans '' make diss a charmer .
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . --> delia , greta , n paula rank as three of d most multilayered en sympathetic female characters of tha year .
action - mechanical . --> action - mechanical .
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures . --> another wholly unnecessary addition 2 tha growing , moldering pile of , wellllll , extreme stunt pics .
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . --> this wud have been betta than da fiction ii has concocted , en thr stillll culd hve been room 4 d war scenes .
it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . --> ii 's a bad sign i a thriller wen you instantly know whodunit .
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation . --> while the production details r lavish , filmz hs lil insight into tha historical period n its artists , particularly i hw sand developed a notorious reputation .
although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two . --> although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period kdrama sim , n times , padded with incident en da way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour runnin time plays closer ta two .
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . --> da moral shrapnel and mental shellshock wil linger lang after dis filmz hs ended .
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . --> a sleek advert for youthful anomie dat neva quite equals tha sum of its pretensions .
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . --> overall , ii 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking filmz with a simple mesage : god e luff .
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen . --> sum movies wrre made 4 d biiiig screen , some 4 da small screen , n sum , lyk ballistic : ecks vs. sever , wrre made 4 d palm screen .
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film --> a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work aaand 2002 's first great filmz
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . --> labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product . --> tha whole filmz has this sneaky feel 2 ii -- as if d director is tryin 2 dupe d viewer into takin ii all as v important simply bcause tha movie e ugly t look at n not a hollywood product .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . --> an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts da falls far short of tha director 's prev wrk en terms of both thematic content andd narrative strength .
... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations . --> ... a funny yet dark nd seedy clash of cultures nd generations .
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games . --> as tricky ang satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution . --> da story e smart nd entirely charming i intent en execution .
the action clichés just pile up . --> tha action clichés jus pile upp .
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . --> no ony does tha thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , ii also represents glossy hollywood n its laziest .
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them . --> a delicious nd delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping w tha befuddling complications life tosses n dem .
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . --> if every a concept came handed dwm fr the movie gods o a silver platter , diss e ii .
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . --> you may b captivated , as im vas , by its moods , nd by its subtly transformed star , aaand stillll wonder yy paul thomas anderson ever had da inclination 2 make da most sincere nd artful movie n which adam sandler will prob every appear .
`` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . --> `` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to b more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout thiiisss funny film .
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . --> highlighted by a gritty style nd an excellent cast , ii 's better than oooooneee might expect when you look n tha list of movies starring ice-t n a major role .
gently humorous and touching . --> gently humorous n touching .
puportedly `` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face . --> puportedly `` based on true events , '' a convolution of language da suggests ii 's impossible to claim thattt it e `` based o a true story '' wit a str8 faceeee .
vulgar is too optimistic a title . --> vulgar is tooooooo optimistic a title .
`` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker . --> `` da adventures of pluto nash '' e a big time stinker .
visually captivating . --> visually captivating .
as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . --> as each of them searches for dey place in tha world , miller digs into dia v minds t find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . ' --> writer-director stephen gaghan has made tha near-fatal mistake of bein what d english call ` tooo clever by half . '
for the future , one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . --> 4 the futur , one hopes mr. plympton wil fnk room 4 oooooneee more member of hiz lil band , a professional screenwriter .
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic . --> d story plays outttttt slowly , buht da characters r intriguing nd realistic .
very predictable but still entertaining --> v predictable but stillll entertaining
if you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . --> if you 're not a fan , ii might b like taryn 2 eat brussels sprouts .
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . --> hs far more energy , wit n warmth than shuld be expected fr any movie wth a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . --> mr. deeds e sure ta give ur a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet ang romantic comedy .
it all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . --> ii all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career en d once grand lang beach boardwalk .
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart . --> its gentille , touching story creeps into your heart .
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud . --> armed with a game supporting cast , fr tha pitch-perfect forster to the alwayz hilarious meara andd levy , like mike shoots ang scores , doing its namesake proud .
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . --> ... works on sum levels ang e certainly worth seein at least once .
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . --> a potentially gd comic premise andd excellent cast are terribly wasted .
a small gem from belgium . --> a small gem fr belgium .
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life . --> the characters r complex and quirky , but entirely believable as da remarkable ensemble cast brings em t lifeee .
worth a look as a curiosity . --> worth a look as a curiosity .
if you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . --> if u 've got a house full of tots -- do n't wrry , this wil b o vid lang b4 dey grow upp en you can w8 til then .
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good . --> eddie murphy n owen wilson have a cuteeee partnership i im spy , buht da movie around em e o often nearly nun tht their charm does n't do a load of gud .
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . --> short andd sweet , buht also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back fr tha consequences of its own actions and revelations .
poignant and delicately complex . --> poignant aaand delicately complex .
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment . --> aaand we do n't avert our eyes 4 a moment .
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . --> simply aaand eloquently articulates d tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
... could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . --> ... could easily be called da best korean film of 2002 .
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away . --> the title , alone , shuld scare any sane person away .
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them . --> for all the time we spend wit these people , we never rlly get inside of them .
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 ### minutes . --> ii does n't matter thay tha filmz e less than 90 ### mins .
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . --> da plot e paper-thin and da characters r n't interesting nuff to watch them go about dey daily activities 4 two whole hrs .
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand . --> tha filmz e a h00y , and e jus as gud , if nt betta than much of wh 's o saturday mornin tv esp the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film . --> the ending feela at odds w tha r of tha filmz .
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest . --> i tha end thr e onew wrd za best describes thiiisss film : honest .
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . --> the movie barely makes sence , wif its unbelievable naïveté n arbitrary flashbacks .
it 's a quirky , off-beat project . --> ii 's a quirky , off-beat project .
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time . --> if you can get past the taboo subject matter , ii will b wellllll worth yur time .
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . --> coy bt exhilarating , w rlly solid performances by ving rhames en wesley snipes .
starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying . --> starts slowly , bt adrien brody -- en the title role -- helps make da film 's conclusion powerful aaand satisfying .
feeble comedy . --> feeble comedy .
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas . --> nah amount of blood nd disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure dis movie 's lack of ideas .
... the good and different idea -lrb- of middle-aged romance -rrb- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' --> ... d goood en diffffff idea -lrb- of middle-aged romance -rrb- e naw handled wellllll andd , except for the fine star performances , thwre e little else 2 recommend `` neva again . ''
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility . --> wld thattt greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a loooot more for intelligibility .
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . --> sadly , as blood wrk proves , that wes a lang , lang time ago .
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . --> the performers r o spot o , ii e hard to conceive anyones else n dey roles .
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? --> d fisrt mistake , i suspect , e casting shatner as a legendary professor en kunis as a brilliant college student -- wer 's pauly shore as d rocket scientist ?
wise and deadpan humorous . --> wise aaand deadpan humorous .
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . --> twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally hs failed him .
boring and meandering . --> boring andd meandering .
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey . --> while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's filmz falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey .
make chan 's action sequences boring . --> make chan 's action sequences boring .
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . --> simply put , there shuld have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon aaand goldie hawn .
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness . --> proves a lovley trifle that , unfortunately , e a lil tooooooo in loce w its own cuteness .
but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . --> bt its storytelling prowess en special effects are both listless .
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -lrb- or turntablism -rrb- in particular . --> an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting da rise of hip-hop culture n general and tha art of scratching -lrb- or turntablism -rrb- in particular .
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite . --> screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume aaand primary colors 4 humour aaand bite .
-lrb- ramsay -rrb- visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . --> -lrb- ramsay -rrb- visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste da characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
works as pretty contagious fun . --> works as pretty contagious fun .
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . --> jn tha pianist , polanski e sayin whut he hs lang wanted to say , confronting da roots of his own preoccupations andd obsessions , and he allows nothing 2 get in the way .
... liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . --> ... liotta e put jn an impossible spot cuz his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him ang d believability of the entire scenario .
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one . --> if theyr wos every a movie wer d upbeat ending feela lyke a copout , this e the onew .
... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . ' --> ... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts wellllll ... be quite frankly , scoob nd shag do n't eat enuhh during d filmz . '
the sheer dumbness of the plot -lrb- other than its one good idea -rrb- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . --> tha sheer dumbness of the plot -lrb- otha than its onew goood idea -rrb- nd the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get youo down .
those who do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . --> those who do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse wil still come away with a sense of hiz reserved buht existential poignancy .
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . --> provides a v movin ang revelatory footnote to the holocaust .
... there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . --> ... thwre e eugh originality jn ` life ' t distance ii fr d pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that shoo often end upp on cinema screens .
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . --> raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief fr d usual two-dimensional offerings .
if you saw benigni 's pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . --> if chu saw benigni 's pinocchio n a public park , yah 'd grab ya kids and run en then prolly call the police .
it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . --> ii is dark , brooding nd slow , en takes its central idea wayy too srsly .
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . --> ii cuts ta d core of what ii acttually means ta faceeee u fears , ta b a g in a world of boys , to b a boy truly i loce wit a girl , ang t ride tha biiiig metaphorical wave that e life -- wherever it takes ya .
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment . --> an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . --> ii e , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film thattt shuld appeal 2 anyones willing 2 succumb ta it .
i do n't think this movie loves women at all . --> im do n't think thiiisss movie loves women n all .
american musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . --> american musical comedy as we no it wld n't exist whithout d precedent of yiddish theatre , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirite goes 2 the essence of broadway .
do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going . --> do n't judge diss oooooneee tooooooo soon - ii 's a dark , gritty story be ii takes o en totally unexpected directions aaand keeps o going .
... -lrb- the film -rrb- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . --> ... -lrb- tha filmz -rrb- works , due mostly 2 the tongue-in-cheek cattitude of tha screenplay .
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . --> features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences aaand some of tha worst dialogue i recent memory .
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . --> tooo smart 2 ignore buht a lil too smugly superior ta like , this culd b a movie that ends upp slapping its target audience en da faceeee by shooting itself i tha foot .
the director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff . --> the director 's many dodges n turns add upp t lil more than a screenful of gamesmanship thay 's low o both suspense nd payoff .
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . --> an invaluable historical document thankies to tha filmmaker 's extraordinary access 2 massoud , whose charm , cultivation n devotion 2 his pepl r readily apparent .
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . --> ... nah charm , no laughs , noo fun , na reason t watch .
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 ### minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film . --> thx largely t williams , all the interesting developments r processed in 60 ### min -- tha r e just an overexposed waste of filmz .
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks -lrb- at least during their '70s heyday -rrb- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . --> whut might havr emerged as hilarious lunacy jn d hands of woody allen or mel brooks -lrb- n least during their '70s heyday -rrb- comes across as lame ang sophomoric i this debut indie feature .
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire . --> ii wld take a complete moron ta foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire .
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . --> jackass is a vulgar en cheap-looking version of candid camera staged 4 tha marquis de sade set .
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . --> everyone should b able 2 appreciate the wonderful cinematography n naturalistic actin .
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . --> oooooneee well-timed explosion n a movie can b a knockout , bt a hundred of them can b numbing .
where their heads were is anyone 's guess . --> whr dey heads wrre e anyones 's guess .
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf . --> scotland looks wonderful , da fans are often funny fanatics , tha showdown sure beats a bad dayy of golf .
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all . --> tha music makes a nice album , tha food is enticing en italy beckons us all .
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . --> onew of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , wit sum real shocks jn store 4 unwary viewers .
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women . --> the filmz e a v good viewing alternative 4 young women .
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . --> beautifully shot against tha frozen winter landscapes of grenoble ang geneva , tha film unfolds with all tha mounting tension of an expert thriller , until da tragedy beneath ii all gradually reveals itself .
griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous . --> griffin & co. manage ta b spectacularly outrageous .
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this . --> it e hard nt ta b esp grateful 4 freedom after a filmz liek diss .
a well-put-together piece of urban satire . --> a well-put-together piece of urban satire .
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel . --> too much of nemesis hs a tiard , talky feel .
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . --> pan nalin 's exposition e beautiful aaand mysterious , n tha interviews dat folllow , wif tha practitioners of dis ancient indian practice , r as subtle nd as enigmatic .
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube . --> given tha fact da virtually noo one e bound t show upp n theatres 4 it , tha project should hv been made 4 da tube .
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie . --> w more character development diss might have been an eerie thriller ; w betetr payoffs , ii could ve been a thinkin mane 's monster movie .
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance . --> an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills aaand quirky romance .
but ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters . --> bt ... i tryn t capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , da filmz hs -- ironically - distanced us fr da characters .
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases --> tha modern master of da chase sequence returns wit a chase ta end all chases
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . --> queen of the damned as yuh might hve guessed , makes sorrry usa of aaliyah in her one and ony starring role -- she does lil here bt point n things thattt explode into flame .
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . --> a loud , witless mess da hs none of d charm and lil of tha intrigue fr d tv series .
a cartoon ? --> a cartoon ?
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics . --> a crass n insulting homage ta great films lik sum lyk ii hott and the john wayne classics .
the problem with `` xxx '' is that its own action is n't very effective . --> the problema wid `` xxx '' e za its own action e n't very effective .
` yes , that 's right : it 's forrest gump , angel of death . ' --> ` yesss , dat 's rite : it 's forrest gump , angel of death . '
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . --> wit a romantic comedy plotline str8 from d ages , dis cinderella story does n't hav a single surprise up its sleeve .
... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . --> ... while certainly clever en spots , dis too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high eugh level of invention .
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through . --> nah new plot conceptions orrr environmental changes , just diffffff bodies 4 sharp objects to rip throught .
australian actor\/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation . --> australian actor\/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort n disguising tha obvious w energy en innovation .
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . --> twohy knows hw 2 inflate d mundane into da scarifying , n gets full mileage out of da rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge . --> n once a testament to da divine callin of education ang a demonstration of tha painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
insufferably naive . --> insufferably naive .
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation . --> deez are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . --> worth a salud juz 4 tryn t b more complex than ya average film .
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope . --> ii excels bc , unlike soooooo many otha hollywood movies of its ilk , ii offers hope .
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . --> d fun of tha movie e tha chance ii affords 2 watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . --> far tooo clever by half , howard 's filmz e really a series of strung-together moments , wid all tha spaces in betwn filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories andd oooooneee fantastic visual trope after another .
serious and thoughtful . --> serious en thoughtful .
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . --> soderbergh skims da fat fr the 1972 film .
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . --> a remarkably insightful look n the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . --> alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating nd soulful , scathing nd joyous .
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . --> this e d case of a preggo premise bein wasted by a script tht takes few chances nd manages to insult tha intelligence of everyone i the audience .
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year . --> ii 's unlikely we 'll c a betta thriller this year .
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances . --> it 's provocative stuff , buht tha speculative effort e hampered by talor 's cartoonish performance nd tha filmz 's ill-considered notion dat hitler 's destiny wos shaped by the most random of chances .
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . --> a movie da ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions 2 escape dey maudlin influence .
though harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . --> tho harris is affecting n times , he can naw overcome the sence za pumpkin e a mere plot pawn for two directors wit far less endearing disabilities .
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ... --> schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' hiz fan base ...
in this case zero . --> jn dis case zero .
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient . --> tha young stars r tooooooo cute ; the story ang ensuing complications r tooooooo manipulative ; da mesage is too blatant ; da resolutions r tooooooo convenient .
the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne --> the difference e da i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
sexy and romantic . --> sexy ang romantic .
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . --> by da time d plot grinds itself outttttt i increasingly incoherent fashion , chu might be wishing 4 a watch thay makes time go faster rather than the otha waaay around .
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year --> arteta directs onew of tha best ensemble casts of d year
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all . --> vividly conveys da passion , creativity , ang fearlessness of oooooneee of mexico 's most colorful aaand controversial artists -- a captivating kdrama thay wil speak t da nonconformist in us all .
the concept is a hoot . --> tha concept is a h00y .
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding . --> ii may naw be particularly innovative , bt tha filmz 's crisp , unaffected style aaand air of gentle longing make ii unexpectedly rewarding .
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . --> en its own waaay , joshua e as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel filmz whithout the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , aaand genius .
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . --> perhaps a betta celebration of dese unfairly dismissed heroes wld b a film za e n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 ### minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . --> ... you can b forgiven 4 realizing that ur 've spent d past 20 ### minutes lookin n your watch nd waitin 4 frida t just die alrdy .
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . --> tha director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring upp a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all da story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , ang a bump on tha head .
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm . --> even if da naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , d movie possesses its own languorous charm .
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . --> delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . --> if it were any more of a turkey , ii wud gobble en dolby digital stereo .
more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . --> more intimate than spectacular , e.t. e carried less by waow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds upp wellllll after two decades .
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' . --> im thought d relationships wrre wonderful , the comedy wes funny , aaand tha love ` real ' .
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . --> amid the shock n curiosity factors , the filmz e jus a corny examination of a young actress tryn to fnk her waaay .
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . --> wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us ta think bout d ways we consume pop culture .
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . --> da spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert w a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humour and jst the measure of tenderness required 2 give this comic slugfest sum heart .
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . --> a filmz wif almost as many delights 4 adults as thr are 4 childrens en dogg lovers .
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . --> a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . --> d animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago e acttually dying a slow death , if da poor quality of pokemon 4 every e any indication .
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . --> d camera soars above da globe n dazzling panoramic shots thattt make da most of da large-screen format , before swooping dwm o a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world upp in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
what 's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses -lrb- and one academy award winning actor -rrb- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best . --> wht 's rlly sad e 2 see two academy award winning actresses -lrb- and oooooneee academy award winning actor -rrb- succumb ta appearing i this junk that 's tv sitcom material n best .
-lrb- jackson and bledel -rrb- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . --> -lrb- jackson n bledel -rrb- seem 2 hav been picked no 4 dey actin chops , bt for dia looks and appeal t the pre-teen crowd .
whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes . --> whatever da movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons abt sexism , its true colors come out jn various wet t-shirt nd shower scenes .
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying . --> piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative filmz , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh . --> gussied upp with shoo many distracting special effects and visual paty tricks tht ii 's naw clear whether we 're supposed ta shriek orrr laugh .
if only it had the story to match . --> if ony it had the story t match .
`` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' --> `` frailty '' hs been written soooooo wellllll , dat even a simple `` goddammit ! ''
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . --> tha pianist is the filmz roman polanski may hav been born t make .
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . --> d filmz has an infectious enthusiasm n we 're touched by the filmz 's conviction da all lifeee centered o za place , da time nd thattt sport .
an excellent sequel . --> an excellent sequel .
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . --> d trouble wth makin this queen a thoroughly modern maiden e dat ii also makes her appear foolish n shallow rather than , as wes more likely , a victim of mental illness .
it 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team . --> ii 's a technically superb film , shining w all da usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing tha talents of hiz top-notch creative team .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict . --> the story rlly hs no place t go since simone e no real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . --> both a detective story and a romance spiced wid the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness . --> all da sensuality , all da eroticism of a goood vampire tale hs been , pardon d pun , sucked out andd replaced by goth goofiness .
a quiet , disquieting triumph . --> a quiet , disquieting triumph .
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 ### million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering . --> anyones who every fantasized abt space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 ### million tickt t ride a russian rocket shuld catch thiiisss imax offering .
-lrb- carvey 's -rrb- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark . --> -lrb- carvey 's -rrb- characters r both overplayed nd exaggerated , buht then again , subtlety hs never been hiz trademark .
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . --> if divine secrets of d ya-ya sisterhood suffers fr a ploddingly melodramatic structure , ii comes to lifeee jn da performances .
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale . --> rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
sleek and arty . --> sleek aaand arty .
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation . --> a terrific date movie , wateva u orientation .
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . --> tha exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everythang , including most of d actors .
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . --> ii takes a rlly lang , slow ang dreary time ta dope outttttt wut tuck everlasting e abt .
it 's splash without the jokes . --> ii 's splash without tha jokes .
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . --> even as ii pays earnest homage ta turntablists and beat jugglers , ol schoolers aaand current innovators , scratch e great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . --> yhu begin to lang 4 the end credits as d desert does 4 rain .
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make . --> a coming-of-age movie tht hollywood wud n't have tha guts ta make .
` possession , ' based on the book by a.s. byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit --> ` possession , ' based o d book by a.s. byatt , demands dat labute deal with d subject of luv head-on ; trading en hiz cynicism 4 reverence en a lil wit
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ? --> dd nah one on tha set have a sence of humour , orrr dd hey nt have tha nerve 2 speak upp ?
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . --> cinematic pyrotechnics aside , d ony thing avary sim 2 care abt r mean giggles and pulchritude .
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time . --> sum of d most inventive silliness youo r likely ta witness jn a movie theatre 4 sum time .
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched . --> da story is lacking any real emotional impact , and d plot e both contrived aaand cliched .
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . --> others , more attuned t tha anarchist maxim thattt ` tha urge to destroy e also a creative urge ' , orrr more willing t c w their own eyes , wil fnk morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology 2 b liberating .
an awfully good , achingly human picture . --> an awfully goood , achingly humen pic .
but no. . --> be no. .
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . --> ii neva plays as dramatic even wen dramatic things happen to peole .
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . --> im hav n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there . --> a cross between blow nd boyz n da hood , diss movie strives 2 b more , but does n't quite get thwre .
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . --> it 's a bad action movie because theyr 's no rooting interest and d spectacle is grotesque andd boring .
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . --> provides d kind of ` laugh therapy ' im need from movie comedies -- offbeat humour , amusing characters , and a happy ending .
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp . --> a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic . --> lil action , almost nah suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters upp da wazoo andd sets za can ony b described as sci-fi generic .
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 ### period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . --> director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged n still-raw emo captures d unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 ### period far betta than a more measured or polished production ever culd .
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . --> despite its floating narrative , dis e a remarkably accessible nd haunting filmz .
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . --> d sum of all fears pretends 2 b a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's rlly nothin more than warmed-over cold war paranoia .
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . --> d hypnotic imagery en fragmentary tale explore d connections between place aaand personal identity .
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty . --> ii 's fun , splashy n entertainingly nasty .
... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -lrb- cool visual backmasking -rrb- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ... --> ... tha fisrt 2\/3 of da filmz are incredibly captivating aaand insanely funny , thanx in part 2 interesting cinematic devices -lrb- cool visual backmasking -rrb- , a solid cast , and sum wickedly sick aaand twisted humour ...
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . --> rather , pity anyones who sees thiiisss mishmash .
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad . --> return t never land may be another shameless attempt by disney ta rake in dough fr babe boomer families , bt ii 's naw half-bad .
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing . --> the movie , despite its rough edges n a tendency 2 sag in certain places , e wry ang engrossing .
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . --> much liek robin williams , death t smoochy has aready reached its expiration date .
a pleasing , often-funny comedy . --> a pleasing , often-funny comedy .
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers . --> a tour de force kdrama bout da astonishingly pivotal role of imagination i the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat . --> good'o actors hve a radar for juicy roles -- thwre 's a plethora of characters n this plc , nd no onew of them is flat .
after all , it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . --> after all , ii 'll probably b n vid stores by christmas , n ii might jus b better suited ta a nigjt in the livin room than a nite n the movies .
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt . --> it concentrates far tooo much o da awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry betwn chan aaand hewitt .
her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . --> her performa moves betwn heartbreak n rebellion as she continually tries 2 accommodate to fett en andd gain tha unconditional looove she seeks .
bad company . --> bad company .
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . --> shoo vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and loce and crushed by betrayal that ii conjures upp d intoxicating fumes andd emosh ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .
if you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . --> if you 've grown tired of going wer nah mane hs gone b4 , bt several movies have - take heart .
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . --> swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama en rough-hewn vanity project 4 lead actress andie macdowell .
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart ... --> almost everyone growing upp believes their family must look lyk `` the addams famly '' ta everyone lookin en ... `` m big fat greek wedding '' comes fr da heart ...
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay . --> an excruciating demonstration of d unsalvageability of a movie saddled wid an amateurish screenplay .
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . --> despite its old-hat set-up ang predictable plot , empire stillll has nuff moments to keep ii entertaining .
otherwise , this could be a passable date film . --> otherwise , dis could b a passable date filmz .
-lrb- at least -rrb- moore is a real charmer . --> -lrb- n least -rrb- moore e a real charmer .
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . --> leaves viewers out n the cold n undermines some phenomenal performances .
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point . --> thiiisss rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely 4 its overwhelming creepiness , 4 an eagerness t create images yui wish you had n't seen , which , en diss dayy ang age , e of course da point .
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious . --> d concept behind kung pow : enter tha fist e hilarious .
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable . --> by naw averting hiz eyes , solondz forces us to consider da unthinkable , da unacceptable , d unmentionable .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . --> ... betta described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart . --> the movie itself appears 2 b runnin o hypertime i reverse as da truly funny bits get further en further apart .
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez . --> does n't get d job done , running o tha limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . --> tsai hs a well-deserved reputation as one of d cinema world 's great visual stylists , ang en dis filmz , every shot enhances d excellent performances .
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts . --> a movie that 's abt as overbearing n over-the-top as d famly ii depicts .
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart . --> a movie that both thrills the eye n , en its over-the-top wayy , touches d heart .
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level . --> elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction onew can admire but e difficult 2 connect wit o any deeper level .
it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . --> ii 's hard ta understand why anyone i hiz rightt mind woyld even think 2 make da attraction a movie .
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both . --> sc2 e an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination ang authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences . --> donovan ... squanders hiz main asset , jackie chan , en fumbles da vital action sequences .
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people . --> dis angst-ridden territory wes covered earlier and much betta in ordinary pepl .
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . --> jn spite of ft a script credited to noo fewer than five writers , apperntly nobody heree bothered t check it twice .
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . --> as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into tha atlantic ocean and spits ii bck , grizzled ang charred , somewhere northwest of tha bermuda triangle .
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism . --> da most compelling performa of da year adds substantial depth to diss shocking testament t anti-semitism ang neo-fascism .
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . --> thou this saga woyld b terrific t read bout , ii is dicey screen material za ony a genius shld touch .
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . --> a sentimental hybrid dat culd benefit fr the spice of specificity .
despite slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . --> despite slick production values andd director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , tha final effect e like having two guys yellin n yur face 4 two hrs .
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -lrb- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -rrb- . --> well , jason 's gone to manhattan ang hell , i guess a space station i tha year 2455 can b crossed o the list of ideas 4 the inevitable futur sequels -lrb- hey , do n't shoot tha messenger -rrb- .
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . --> lyke a veteran head cutter , barbershop e tuned in t its community .
brisk hack job . --> brisk hack job .
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer . --> thumbs up to paxton 4 naw falling into d hollywood trap aaand makin a vanity project with nothing new t offer .
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . --> performances all around are tops , wit the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
it does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . --> ii does n't offer audiences any wayy of gripping wat its point e , orrr even its cattitude toward its subject .
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . --> miller comes at filmz wth bracing intelligence nd a vision both painterly n literary .
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one . --> this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place i morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- ang ii 's a tribute 2 d actress , aaand to her inventive director , tht the journey e such a mesmerizing onew .
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer -lrb- jeremy renner -rrb- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . --> as gamely as d movie tries ta make sense of its title character , theyr remains a huge gap betwn the filmz 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer -lrb- jeremy renner -rrb- and fiendish acts thattt nah amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bidge .
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . --> as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai e nuff t make yah put away d guitar , sell d amp , ang apply to medical school .
if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . '' --> if you 're no , youo 'll stillll ve a goood time . ''
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement . --> hs a certain ghoulish fascination , ang generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense . --> although ii lacks the detail of d book , the filmz does pack sum serious suspense .
-lrb- cuarón has -rrb- created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . --> -lrb- cuarón has -rrb- created a substantive movie outttttt of several cliched movie structures : d rd movie , tha coming-of-age movie , aaand tha teenage sex comedy .
and second , what 's with all the shooting ? --> and second , what 's wid all the shooting ?
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . --> billy crystal n robert de niro sleepwalk throught vulgarities i a sequel yuh can refuse .
shrewd but pointless . --> shrewd bt pointless .
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . --> da probs nd characters ii reveals are universal en involving , en d film itself -- as wellllll its delightful cast -- e soo breezy , pretty en gifted , ii rlly won ma heart .
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong . --> proof once again that if tha filmmakers juss folllow d books , hey ca n't go wrng .
... wise and elegiac ... --> ... wise n elegiac ...
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . --> thou filmed partly n canada , paid i full hs clever ways of capturing inner-city lifeee during da reagan years .
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 ### minutes . --> nt counting a few gross-out comedies im 've been tryn 2 forget , diss e d fisrt film jn a lang time da made mee wnt to bolt the theater i the fisrt 10 ### mins .
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat . --> all of da elements r i place 4 a great filmz noir , but director george hickenlooper 's approach to the material is tooo upbeat .
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy . --> da overall fabric e hypnotic , ang mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . --> friday after nxt e a lottle more bluster than bite .
opera on film is never satisfactory . --> opera o filmz e never satisfactory .
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . --> nicole holofcenter , d insightful writer\/director responsible 4 this illuminating comedy does n't wrap d proceedings upp neatly bt d ideas tie together beautifully .
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin . --> bt , lyk silence , it 's a movie thay gets under ya skin .
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . --> gooding nd coburn r both oscar winners , a fact which , as yu watch dem clumsily mugging dia waaay through snow dogs , sim inconceivable .
loud , silly , stupid and pointless . --> loud , silly , stoopid n pointless .
while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . --> while ii 's nun we havr n't seen b4 fr murphy , i spy e still fun nd enjoyable and shoo aggressively silly thattt it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious . --> mctiernan 's remake may be lighter o its feets -- the sober-minded original wos as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but ii is just as boring nd as obvious .
if you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us . --> if yo 're lookin t rekindle da magic of the first filmz , yea 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more . --> an average b-movie wth na aspirations ta b anything more .
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . --> a filmz that plays things o nice 'n safe as t often play like a milquetoast movie of da week blown upp for da big screen .
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . --> da movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , n o both sides ii falls short .
only masochistic moviegoers need apply . --> ony masochistic moviegoers nid apply .
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? --> is anyones else out thwre gettin tired of da whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?
like shrek , spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . --> like shrek , spirite 's visual imagination reminds yuh of whyy animation e such a perfect medium for childrens , bc of tha way ii allows d mind ta enter n accept another world .
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british . --> statham employs an accent za im think e supposed to b an attempt at hardass american bt somtime juss lapses into unhidden british .
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . --> a yawn-provoking lil farm melodrama .
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . --> for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , dis movie is a phlegmatic bore , o tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . --> kicks off wid an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen . --> one of tha greatest films im 've every seen .
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core . --> feels strangely hollow n its emosh core .
it gets old quickly . --> it gets oll quickly .
feels less like a change in -lrb- herzog 's -rrb- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . --> feels less lyk a change i -lrb- herzog 's -rrb- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . --> exudes d fizz of a busby berkeley musical ang the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
good performances keep it from being a total rehash . --> good'o performances keep ii fr bein a total rehash .
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . --> tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sence of disassociation heree .
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject . --> he thinks d filmz e juz as much a document abt him as it e abt the subject .
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . --> ii all starts t smack of a hallmark hall of fame , wif a few four letter words thrown jn da r generally nt heard on telly .
some body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have . --> some body wil take you places you have n't been , aaand also places youo have .
hollywood ending just is n't very funny . --> hollywood ending juss e n't v funny .
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage . --> a jaw-droppingly beautiful work thattt upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . --> bt kouyate elicits strong performances fr hiz cast , andd he delivers a powerful commentary on hw governments lie , nah matter who runs them .
` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . --> ` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood da e funny , touching , smart andd complicated .
upper teens may get cynical . --> upper teens may get cynical .
welles groupie\/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . --> welles groupie\/scholar peter bogdanovich took a lang time t do ii , buht he 's finally provided hiz own broadside n publishing giant william randolph hearst .
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 ### drips with style and , at times , blood . --> the most brilliant and brutal uk crime filmz since jack carter went back to newcastle , d fisrt half of gangster no. 1 ### drips w style ang , n times , blood .
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness . --> ii might no b 1970s animation , buht everything else abt ii e str8 fr tha saturday mornin cartoons -- a retread story , bad writin , nd the sameee oll silliness .
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns . --> birthday g lucks outttttt w chaplin n kidman , who are capable of anteing upp sum movie star charisma whn dey nid ii 2 sell us on diss twisted luff story , be who can also negotiate d movie 's darker turns .
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory . --> stay 4 the credits nd see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman thay e revelatory .
it is a likable story , told with competence . --> ii is a likable story , told w competence .
a gushy episode of `` m \* a \* s \* h '' only this time from an asian perspective . --> a gushy episode of `` m \* a \* s \* h '' ony dis time fr an asian perspective .
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . --> bread , my sweet has o many flaws ii woyld b easy 4 critics ta shred ii .
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . --> a delightful romantic comedy wth plenty of bite .
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . --> you 'll forget bout ii by monday , though , andd if dey 're ol eugh 2 have developed sum taste , so wil yo kids .
a good thriller . --> a gd thriller .
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . --> yea culd easily mistake ii 4 a sketchy work-in-progress tht wos inexplicably rushed ta the megaplexes b4 its time .
it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . --> it 's hard to imagine any recent filmz , independent orrr otherwise , dat makes as much of a mess as this one .
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . --> rumour , a muddled kdrama bout comin t terms wid death , feela impersonal , almost generic .
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making --> works o da whodunit level as its larger themes get lost jn tha murk of its own makin
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it . --> thwre 's ntn liek loce ta give a movie a b-12 shot , aaand cq shimmers wif ii .
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . --> while naw 4 every taste , thiiisss often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a lang waaay toward restoring da luster of d national lampoon film franchise , tooo lang reduced ta direct-to-video irrelevancy .
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it . --> the movie e nt as terrible as da synergistic impulse tht created it .
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility . --> da characters r based o stock clichés , n d attempt to complicate the story ony defies credibility .
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars --> it 's petty thievery lyke this thattt puts flimsy flicks like thiiisss behind bars
... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . --> ... an adorably whimsical comedy za deserves more than a passing twinkle .
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . --> wid orrr without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks 2 a harrison ford low .
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch . --> mr. koshashvili e a director t watch .
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . --> bout as biiiig a crowdpleaser as they possibly cum .
but on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie . --> but o tha whole , youu 're guna liek dis movie .
we can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art . --> we can tell wht ii e supposed to b , bt ca n't rlly call ii a work of art .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful . --> tha art direction nd costumes r gorgeous ang finely detailed , andd kurys ' direction e clever en insightful .
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . --> da film e delicately narrated by martin landau and directed wit sensitivity n skill by dana janklowicz-mann .
sad nonsense , this . --> sad nonsense , dis .
every note rings false . --> every note rings false .
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear . --> d evocative imagery nd gentle , lapping rhythms of thiiisss filmz r infectious -- ii gets under our skin and draws us i long b4 da plot kicks into gear .
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture . --> succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision . --> plunges ayu into a reality da is , more often then no , difficult n sad , andd then , whithout sentimentalizing ii orrr denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical en celebratory vision .
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . --> an immensely entertaining look n some of d unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up . --> da action scenes have all d suspense of a 20-car pileup , while d plot holes r biiiig enuhh 4 a train car to drive throught -- if kaos had n't blown dem all upp .
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective . --> howard conjures da past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought chu 'd swear he just stepped outttttt of a buñuel retrospective .
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants . --> eisenstein lacks considerable brio 4 a filmz about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century . --> even if yuh do n't knooow tha band orrr tha album 's songz by heart , ur wil enjoy seeing hw both evolve , en youu wil also learn a gud deal abt d state of d music business en d 21st century .
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . --> inherently caustic n oddly whimsical , the filmz chimes in on d grieving process en strangely draws the audience into d unexplainable pain andd eccentricities thattt r attached ta da concept of loss .
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 ### . --> lyk bein able ta hit o a 15-year ol when chu 're over 100 ### .
it 's better than the phantom menace . --> it 's betetr than da phantom menace .
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work . --> an effortlessly accomplished n richly resonant wrk .
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles . --> broomfield e energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and bcz of da , his filmz crackles .
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries . --> a fiercely clever nd subtle film , capturing da precarious balance between da extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy aaand the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors . --> thiiisss kind of hands-on storytelling e ultimately wahat makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a gd , dry , reliable textbook n what allows ii t rank wth its worthy predecessors .
formulaic to the 51st power , more like . --> formulaic ta the 51st power , more lyk .
when your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ? --> when yo subject e illusion versus reality , shld n't da reality seem n least passably real ?
the results are far more alienating than involving . --> the results r far more alienating than involving .
these characters become wearisome . --> deez characters becum wearisome .
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . --> ii finds its moviegoing pleasures in d tiny events dat culd make a person who has lived her lifeee half-asleep suddenly wake upp en take notice .
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . --> im culd ve used mah two hrs betta watchin being john malkovich again .
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible . --> cums across as a relic fr a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly . --> the movie e as padded as allen 's jelly belly .
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin . --> da story e bogus en its characters tissue-thin .
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . --> more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . --> although ... visually striking en slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . --> though n sum ways similiar 2 catherine breillat 's fat gurl , rain e the far superior filmz .
you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing . --> youuu leave feeli lyk yea 've endured a lang workout without yo pulse every racing .
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . --> one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations ta a v complex situation .
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep . --> instead , it 'll ony put yui to schleep .
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . --> d only waaay to tolerate dis insipid , brutally clueless filmz might b wif a large dose of painkillers .
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot . --> a sensitive nd astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
the comedy is nonexistent . --> the comedy e nonexistent .
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant . --> a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . --> ... cums alive only wen ii switches gears to the sentimental .
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . --> an instance of an oll dogg no ony learning bt inventing a remarkable new trick .
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated . --> romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . --> try as youuu might ta scrutinize d ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow ii all comes together ta create a v compelling , sensitive , intelligent n almost cohesive piece of filmz entertainment .
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy --> every once n a while , a movie wil cum along thay turns mi into that annoying specimen of humanity tht im usually dread encountering the most - d fanboy
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations --> spreads itself too thin , leaving dese actors , as well as da members of d commune , short of profound characterizations
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans . --> the actin , 4 d most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with da fact thattt they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more lyk literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
-lrb- less a movie than -rrb- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment . --> -lrb- less a movie than -rrb- an appalling , odoriferous thng ... shoo rotten jn almost every single facet of production thattt yui 'll wnt 2 crawl up yor own \*\*\* en embarrassment .
funny and touching . --> funny and touching .
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work . --> an awkward hybrid of genres tht juss does n't work .
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . --> affirms d gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg andd goin ryt thru tha ranks of d players -- on-camera en o -- thattt he brings together .
a fifty car pileup of cliches . --> a fifty car pileup of cliches .
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it . --> wil warm ya heart without making yo feel guilty bout ii .
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced . --> onew of d most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism . --> a glib be bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness jn which the hero might wind upp caught but da audience gets pure escapism .
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected . --> thiiisss oooooneee e no nearly as dreadful as expected .
the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . --> d result e a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astounds . --> as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astounds .
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . --> does n't deliver a great story , nor is d action as gripping as n past seagal films .
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . --> chilln en its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .
the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug . --> da auteur 's ear 4 d wayy fears aaand slights r telegraphed i d most blithe exchanges gives d filmz its lingering tug .
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade . --> a rehash of every gangster movie from tha past decade .
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . --> shattering , devastating documentary o two maladjusted teens n a downward narcotized spiral .
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . --> the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more lyke medicine than entertainment .
below is well below expectations . --> below e wellllll below expectations .
a generic international version of a typical american horror film . --> a generic international version of a typical american horror filmz .
includes too much obvious padding . --> includes tooo much obvious padding .
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . --> at jst over an hour , homee movie will leave yhu wantin more , naw to mention leaving ur w sum laughs and a smile o ur face .
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . --> tha movie 's ultimate point -- tht everyone shuld be theirselves -- e trite , buht tha screenwriter en director michel gondry restate ii to d point of ridiculousness .
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . --> a fine documentary can b distinguished fr a mediocre onew by tha betetr filmz 's ability 2 make its subject interesting 2 those who r n't part of its supposed target audience .
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine . --> i da wake of savin private ryan , black hawk down ang we wrre soldiers , yah r likely ta b as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine .
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments . --> peppered wif witty dialogue and inventive moments .
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . --> -- is a crime dat shld b punishable by chainsaw .
whether or not you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . --> whether orrr nt u 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures o `` da otha '' ang `` d self , '' derrida e an undeniably fascinating nd playful fellow .
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out . --> tha ppe en jessica are soooooo recognizable n true that , as en real lifeee , we 're neva sure hw things will work outttttt .
parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . --> parents may even fnk dat ii goes by quickly , cuss ii hs sum of da funniest jokes of any movie diss year , including those intended for adults .
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz . --> a gud music documentary , probably one of d best since the last waltz .
-lrb- gulpilil -rrb- is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass . --> -lrb- gulpilil -rrb- e a commanding screen presence , en hiz character 's abundant humanism makes him da filmz 's moral compass .
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' . --> d screenplay never lets us forget za bourne wes once an amoral assassin juss like the ones who r pursuing him ... thr e neva rlly a true `` us '' versus `` dem '' .
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ... --> an interesting look behind d scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure . --> da sword fightin e well done en auteuil e a goofy pleasure .
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . --> the ony ting scary bout feardotcom e thay d filmmakers andd studio r brazen enough ta attempt ta pass thiiisss stinker off as a scary movie .
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . --> munch 's screenplay e tenderly observant of hiz characters .
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . --> ii hs the requisite faux-urban vibe nd hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names nd references .
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . --> da country bears wastes an exceptionally gd idea .
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships . --> a film of epic scale wif an intimate feeli , a saga of the ups andd downs of friendships .
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . --> the movie wud seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed thru o her defiance of the saccharine .
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share . --> mention `` solaris '' five years fr nah andd im 'm sure those who saw ii will hve an opinion t share .
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon -lrb- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -rrb- ... --> thattt ` alabama ' manages t be pleasant en spite of its predictability nd occasional slowness e due primarily to d perkiness of witherspoon -lrb- who is allways a joy ta watch , even wen her material e nt first-rate -rrb- ...
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous . --> pacino e da best he 's been in years and keener e marvelous .
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad . --> much of tha cast e stiff orrr jst plain bad .
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists . --> ii 's excessively quirky aaand a lil underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise diss e da best ` ol neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinna romanced cyndi lauper en d opportunists .
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . --> busy urban comedy e clearly nt zhang 's forte , hiz directorial touch e neither light nor magical enough 2 bring o diss kind of whimsy .
imagine the cleanflicks version of ` love story , ' with ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . --> imagine d cleanflicks version of ` loce story , ' w ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . --> extremely wellllll acted by the four primary actors , thiiisss is a srsly intended movie that e not easily forgotten .
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time . --> bound ta appeal t women lookin 4 a howlingly trashy time .
ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate . --> ms. hutchins e talented eugh andd charismatic eugh t make us care bout zelda 's ultimate fate .
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution . --> such a fine idea 4 a filmz , nd such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market . --> return to neverland manages 2 straddle the line betwn another classic 4 d company aaand jst another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended 4 the homee vid market .
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted . --> writer-director david jacobson and hiz star , jeremy renner , hav made a remarkable filmz thattt explores da monster 's psychology nt en order 2 excuse him but rather to demonstrate dat his pathology evolved fr human impulses thay grew hideously twisted .
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . --> kdrama of temptation , salvation andd gd intentions e a thoughtful examination of faith , luff ang power .
oddly compelling . --> oddly compelling .
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place . --> feela n times like a giant commercial 4 universal studios , where much of the action takes place .
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours -lrb- and , for that matter , shrek -rrb- . --> a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if tha director , tom dey , had spliced together bits en pieces of midnight runnn ang 48 hours -lrb- andd , 4 za matter , shrek -rrb- .
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre . --> strange , funny , twisted , brilliant en macabre .
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . --> shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings diss unkown slice of history affectingly 2 lifeee .
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well . --> a movie thay will thrill yah , touch u and make ur laugh as wellllll .
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life . --> thou overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , da filmz does n't ignore d more problematic aspects of brown 's lifeee .
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own . --> d film e soooooo busy makin reference t otha films aaand taryn ta b otha films thattt ii fails ta have a heart , mind orrr humor of its own .
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . --> cool gadgets andd creatures keep thiiisss fresh .
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . --> thiiisss e v much of a mixed bag , wth eugh negatives 2 outweigh d positives .
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . --> ringu e a disaster of a story , full of holes n completely lacking in chills .
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest . --> while maintaining tha appearance of clinical objectivity , diss sad , occasionally horrifying be often inspiring filmz e among wiseman 's warmest .
but it would be better to wait for the video . --> be ii would b betta t wait 4 da vid .
dreary tale of middle-class angst --> dreary tale of middle-class angst
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation . --> tho da aboriginal aspect lends d ending an extraordinary poignancy , andd da story itself culd b played outttttt n any working class community i the nation .
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen -lrb- vega -rrb- and juni -lrb- sabara -rrb- cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . --> the byplay n bickering betwn da nuh spy-savvy siblings , carmen -lrb- vega -rrb- n juni -lrb- sabara -rrb- cortez , anchor the filmz in a very real n amusing give-and-take .
it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . --> ii 's sweet , funny , charming , aaand completely delightful .
seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many . --> seen n that light , moonlight mile shld strike a nerve en many .
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit . --> to d filmmakers , ivan e a prince of a fellow , be he cums across as shallow en glib though naw mean-spirited , and thr 's na indication da he 's been responsible 4 putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
the movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . --> d movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less tha product of loving , wellllll integrated homage and more liek a mere excuse 4 da wan , thinly sketched story .
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ... --> none of birthdayyy gurl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them . --> thr are many definitions of ` time waster ' buht this movie must surely b oooooneee of them .
i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . --> im can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet . --> dis e rote drivel aimed n mum nd dad 's wallet .
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick --> k 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
what more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ? --> whet more can be expected fr a college comedy tht 's target audience hs n't graduated fr junior high school ?
it 's quite diverting nonsense . --> ii 's quite diverting nonsense .
aggravating and tedious . --> aggravating and tedious .
i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back . --> im 'm sorry 2 say that dis shld seal da deal - arnold is nt , nor wil he b , bsck .
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . --> a bittersweet drama abt tha limbo of grief andd hw truth-telling can open da door to liberation .
more precious than perspicacious --> more precious than perspicacious
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material . --> rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
a moving picture that does not move . --> a moving pict that does nt move .
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn . --> thiiisss ludicrous filmz e predictable n every turn .
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . --> juss another combination of bad animation andd mindless violence ... lacking tha slightest bit of wit orrr charm .
-lrb- fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall -rrb- show us the world they love and make us love it , too . --> -lrb- fiji diver rusi vulakoro ang d married couple howard andd michelle hall -rrb- show us d world they looove andd make us love it , tooooooo .
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . --> a fanciful kdrama bout napoleon 's last years and hiz surprising discovery of looove and humility .
the superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -lrb- water -rrb- weight of the other . --> tha superior plotline e n't quite enough t drag along da dead -lrb- wada -rrb- weight of the other .
... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . --> ... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , tha brass soul aaand da sence of fierce competition thattt helps make great marching bands half tha fun of college football games .
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie . --> spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : ii actually improves upon da original hit movie .
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . --> speaks eloquently bout da symbiotic relationship betwn art nd lifeee .
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . --> audiard successfully maintains suspense o diffffff levels throughout a film thattt e both gripping ang compelling .
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud . --> an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience da does its predecessors proud .
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story . --> its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly fr an eccentric andd good-naturedly aimless story .
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american -lrb- and an america -rrb- always reaching for something just outside his grasp . --> a compassionate , movin portrait of an american -lrb- andd an america -rrb- allways reaching for something jst outside hiz grasp .
-lrb- stephen -rrb- earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have . --> -lrb- stephen -rrb- earnhart 's filmz e more about da optimism of a group of pepul who r struggling t give theirselves a better lot en lifeee than tha ones they currently have .
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book . --> adaptation e intricately constructed ang i a strange waaay nails all of orlean 's themes whithout bein a true adaptation of her book .
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 ### version is a far smoother ride . --> if ya wnt a movie time trip , tha 1960 ### version is a far smoother ride .
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy . --> an older cad instructs a younger lad en zen aaand tha art of gettin laid en diss prickly indie comedy of manners andd misanthropy .
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives . --> with ammmazing finesse , da filmz shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and tha city where her muh , mai thi kim , stillll lives .
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten . --> an occasionally interesting bt mostly repetitive look n a slice of counterculture da might b best forgotten .
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long . --> it 's an 88-minute highlight reel tht 's 86 min tooooooo lang .
-lrb- jeff 's -rrb- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent . --> -lrb- jeff 's -rrb- gorgeousss , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn aaand edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged wid metaphor , be rarely easy , obvious orrr self-indulgent .
it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . --> ii 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hrs of summertime en a bucket of popcorn .
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . --> the film e predictable jn da reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
the heat of the moment prevails . --> the heat of tha moment prevails .
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . --> a beautifully tooled action thriller abt love and terrorism n korea .
return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version -lrb- no more racist portraits of indians , for instance -rrb- , but the excitement is missing . --> return ta neva land is much more p.c. than tha original version -lrb- noo more racist portraits of indians , 4 instance -rrb- , buht tha excitement e missing .
the only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time . --> tha ony thing `` swept away '' e tha oooooneee hour andd thirty-three minutes spent watching diss waste of time .
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain . --> da banter betwn calvin nd hiz fellow barbers feela lik a streetwise mclaughlin group ... aaand neva fails to entertain .
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances . --> while d importance of bein earnest offers opportunities 4 occasional smiles nd chuckles , it does n't give us a reason t b in the theatre beyond wilde 's wit ang da actors ' performances .
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . --> contrived , awkward aaand filled wid unintended laughs , da filmz shows signs za sumone otha than tha director got into da editing room andd tried 2 improve things by makin da movie go faster .
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed . --> broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , tha high lifeee , da conspiracies aaand the mystery thr wrre once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic en tragically doomed .
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . --> offers a persuasive look n a defeated be defiant nation in flux .
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble . --> muccino sim t b exploring d idea of wae humen beings long 4 wh dey do n't hav , and hw thiiisss gets us i trouble .
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . --> diss pic e mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled w a few remarks soooo geared toward engendering audience sympathy za youu might think he wos runnin 4 office -- orrr tryin t win over a probation officer .
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . --> mah wife e an actress hs its moments in lookin n tha comic effects of jealousy .
a riveting documentary . --> a riveting documentary .
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . --> while im ca n't say ii 's o par wit tha fisrt onew , stuart lil 2 e a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it . --> shoo boring tht even its target audience talked all the wayy thru it .
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people . --> sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation thay fuels da self-destructiveness of many young ppe .
it 's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments . --> it 's neither as sappy as biiiig daddy nor as anarchic as happylgovo gilmore orrr da waterboy , but ii hs its moments .
great character interaction . --> great character interaction .
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense . --> louiso lets d movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , ang brah hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist dat juss does n't make sence .
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . --> even bigger andd more ambitious than d fisrt installment , spy kids 2 looks as if ii were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown mane .
a meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` b + . '' --> a meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending wld hve easily tipped dis filmz into tha `` a '' range , as is , it 's a v v strong `` b + . ''
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . --> funny n a sick , twisted sort of wayy .
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . --> trapped wo n't score points 4 political correctness , be ii may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy . --> nicks refuses to let slackers b seen as juss another teen movie , which means he can b forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of d gross-out comedy .
but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . --> be though he ony scratches d surface , n least he provides a strong itch 2 explore more .
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending . --> thr r few things more frustrating t a film buff than seein an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . --> d filmz lapses too often into sugary sentiment n withholds delivery on tha pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . --> birthday gurl walks a tricky tightrope betwn bein wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . --> potty-mouthed enough 4 pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , diss strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither ta kids or adults .
does n't add up to much . --> does n't add upp to much .
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire . --> while it is welcome t c a chinese filmz depict a homosexual relationship jn a mature ang frank fashion , lan yu neva catches dramatic fire .
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension . --> d movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if ii wrre n't silly , ii wud still b beyond comprehension .
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . --> despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own . --> thiiisss filmz e too busy hittin all of its assigned marks to take o any lifeee of its own .
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen . --> onew of tha most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies im 've every seen .
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie . --> it 's tough t watch , but ii 's a fantastic movie .
the movie is well crafted , and well executed . --> tha movie e wellllll crafted , en wellllll executed .
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . --> ii all cums down t whether u can tolerate leon barlow .
90 ### punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . --> 90 ### punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , aaand flaccid odd-couple sniping .
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . --> moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
a big fat pain . --> a biiiig fat pain .
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least . --> thiiisss e a movie filled wit unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or no their friendship is salvaged makes na difference n tha least .
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 ### years ago . --> as giddy andd whimsical en relevant today as ii wes 270 ### years ago .
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . --> while some wil object to the idea of a vietnam plc with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing d humen cost of d conflict that came 2 define a generation .
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame . --> ii 's a pedestrian , flat kdrama za screams outttttt ` amateur ' en almost every frame .
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . --> hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity jn thiiisss picture .
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings --> parts seem like they wrre lifted fr terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed thru kafka 's meat grinder andd into buñuel 's casings
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . --> it uses sum of da figures fr tha real-life story to portray theirselves n tha filmz .
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek , they 'll probably run out screaming . --> 4 casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring d kidd fr dawson 's creek , hey 'll probably runnn outttttt screamin .
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress . --> it culd ve been something special , be two things drag ii dwm 2 mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , nd mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . --> affable if not timeless , liek mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
slap her - she 's not funny ! --> slap her - she 's nt funny !
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . --> everythang 's serious , poetic , earnest nd -- sadly -- dull .
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . --> c clockstoppers if youuu havr nothin betetr t do wif 94 minutes .
if you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . --> if yui 're nt fans of tha adventues of steve aaand terri , youo shuld avoid diss liek the dreaded king brown snake .
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life . --> a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... lifeee .
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . --> an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative pic that neatly en effectively captures da debilitating grief felt in tha immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . --> luv liza e a festival filmz that would hav been betta o staying o tha festival circuit .
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal . --> thiiisss e an extraordinary filmz , no least coz ii e japanese n yet feela universal .
gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story . --> gaghan ... hs thrown every suspenseful cliché in d book n diss nonsensical story .
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence . --> deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches thattt shoplifts shamelessly fr farewell-to-innocence movies lik d wanderers n a bronx tale whithout cribbing any of their intelligence .
it 's still terrible ! --> ii 's stillll terrible !
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart . --> it 's en da action scenes that things fall apart .
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . --> if ayurveda can help us return t a sane regimen of eating , slippin and stress-reducing contemplation , it e clearly a gd thing .
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . --> will certainly appeal ta asian cult cinema fans andd asiaphiles interested to c wat all d fuss e bout .
they 're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood . --> hey 're juz a couple of cops n copmovieland , dese two , buht n narc , dey fnk new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . --> while dutifully pullin on heartstrings , directors dean deblois aaand chris sanders valiantly keep punching upp da mix .
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . --> davis e funny , charming en quirky in her feature film actin debut as amy .
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . --> heartwarming nd gently comic even as d filmz breaks your heart .
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . --> scherfig , the writer-director , has made a filmz shoo unabashedly hopeful da ii actully makes tha heart soar .
barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . --> barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged gal who could easily hav killed a prez coz ii made him feel powerful .
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas . --> an unsuccessful attempt n a movie of ideas .
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook . --> diss strenuously unfunny showtime deserves tha hook .
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . --> stands as onew of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , lettin its imagery speak 4 it while it forces youu 2 ponder anew wahat a movie can b .
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . --> dis story of unrequited looove does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . --> ii 's a stale , overused cocktail using tha same olives since 1962 as garnish .
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen . --> n imax jn short , ii 's jus as wonderful o d biiiig screen .
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . --> sex ironically hs little t do w d story , which becomes summn abt how lame ii e to try n evade yo responsibilities ang tht you should neva , ever , leave a large dog alone wid a toddler .
i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . --> im 'd watch dese two together again n a new york minute .
it 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics . --> it 's a filmz da 's destined to win a wide summer audience throught word-of-mouth reviews and , naw far dwm da line , to fnk a place among da studio 's animated classics .
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . --> continually challenges perceptions of guilt n innocence , of goodd guys n bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian . --> he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . --> soooo beautifully acted aaand directed , ii 's clear that washington most certainly hs a new career ahead of him if he shoo chooses .
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . --> he 's jus a sad aristocrat en tattered finery , andd tha filmz sim as deflated as he does .
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . --> insomina e oooooneee of the year 's best films n pacino gives oooooneee of his most daring , ang complicated , performances .
it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . --> ii 's o badly made on every level that i 'm actully having a hard time believing people were paid to make ii .
while not quite `` shrek '' or `` monsters , inc. '' , it 's not too bad . --> while naw quite `` shrek '' orrr `` monsters , inc. '' , ii 's nt tooo bad .
a slight but sweet film . --> a slight bt sweet filmz .
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . --> ma ony wish e dat celebi could take me bsck t a time b4 im saw diss movie en im culd juz skip ii .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations . --> one of dese fay hollywood wil cum upp wif an original idea for a teen movie , be until then there 's always these rehashes t feed to tha younger generations .
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . --> an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off thattt somehow manages 2 bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna nd dolly parton .
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy . --> a smart , arch ang rather cold-blooded comedy .
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . --> ii finds nah wayy t entertain orrr inspire its viewers .
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall . --> a powerful , chilling , n affecting study of one mane 's dying fall .
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere . --> the satire e unfocused , while d story goes nowhere .
the son of the bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . --> da sonn of da bride 's humour e born outttttt of an engaging storyline , which also e n't embarrassed t make yui reach 4 the tissues .
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection . --> an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humour en seemingly sincere personal reflection .
an uplifting , near-masterpiece . --> an uplifting , near-masterpiece .
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence . --> d filmz 's hero e a bore en hiz innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dum innocence .
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . --> unlike lots of hollywood fluff , dis hs layered , well-developed characters aaand sum surprises .
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . --> jn hiz role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny en defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter aaand less mature .
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . --> boasts eye-catching art direction but hs a forcefully quirky tone tht quickly wears out its limited welcome .
pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . --> pete 's screenplay manages to fnk dat real natural , even-flowing tone za few movies r able 2 accomplish .
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . --> exploitative and largely devoid of d depth orrr sophistication thattt wld make watchin such a graphic treatment of da crimes bearable .
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance . --> tha humour and humanity of monsoon wedding r i perf balance .
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth . --> da gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` tha lord of da rings '' trilogy is soooooo huge that a column of words can naw adequately describe co-writer\/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth .
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . --> ta paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel , nicholas nickleby e tooo much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
lacks depth . --> lacks depth .
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here . --> it 's as if solondz had two ideas 4 two movies , culd n't really figure outttttt hw ta flesh either outttttt , so he juz slopped ` em together here .
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . --> i the end , tuck everlasting falls victim 2 za everlasting conundrum experienced by every humen who every lived : too much 2 do , tooo lil time t do ii n .
this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon . --> thiiisss slight premise ... works cause of d ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as da aged napoleon .
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic . --> rarely hs sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . --> straightforward and old-fashioned en da best posible senses of both those words , possession e a movie thay puts itself squarely jn da service of da lovers who inhabit ii .
though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . --> tho d story ... e hackneyed , d characters have a freshness ang modesty dat transcends dey predicament .
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing . --> ii 's light on d chills aaand heavy o the atmospheric weirdness , and thwre r moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found ii weirdly appealing .
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year . --> d fisrt tunisian filmz im hav every seen , en ii 's also prolly da most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to c all year .
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed . --> ayebody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies wif a touch of silliness and a lil bloodshed .
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant . --> as the dominant christine , sylvie testud e icily brilliant .
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad . --> da makers of mothman prophecies succeed en producing dat most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror filmz too bad ta be gd nd too gud ta b bad .
-lrb- a -rrb- devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama . --> -lrb- a -rrb- devastatingly powerful aaand astonishingly vivid holocaust kdrama .
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean . --> dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy wid da kind of insouciance embedded n tha sexy demise of james dean .
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory . --> ii works wellllll eugh , since the thrills pop upp frequently , andd d dispatching of d cast e as often imaginative as ii e gory .
-lrb- hayek -rrb- throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . --> -lrb- hayek -rrb- throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina n she gradually makes us believe she e kahlo .
the film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 ### new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind . --> tha filmz 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup outttttt of pre-9 \/ 11 ### new york and onto a cross-country rd trip of da homeric kind .
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . --> d biggest problema with satin rouge is lilia herself .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -lrb- of which they 'll get plenty -rrb- fills me with revulsion . --> d thought of watching dis filmz wid an audience full of teenagers fixating o its body humour n reinforcement of stereotypes -lrb- of which dey 'll get plenty -rrb- fills mi wit revulsion .
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . --> captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a mesage whithout bludgeoning the audience over da head .
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar . --> jaglom offers d none-too-original premise za everyone involved w moviemaking e a con artist en a liar .
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . --> contrived , maudlin en cliche-ridden ... if thiiisss sappy script vas da best d contest received , those rejected must hav been astronomically bad .
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison . --> onew suspects that craven endorses dey simply bcause thiiisss movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
the film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . --> d filmz 's final hour , where nearly all d prev unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera tht tornatore wos ryte 2 cut .
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls . --> like its bizarre heroine , ii irrigates our souls .
savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . --> savvy director robert j. siegel andd hiz co-writers keep d story subtle en us i suspense .
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . --> puts o airs of a hal hartley wannabe filmz -- whithout the vital comic ingredient of tha hilarious writer-director himself .
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet . --> da appeal of d vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head orrr -- considering juss hw low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feets .
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . --> hs d disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . --> while broomfield 's filmz does n't capture da effect of dese tragic deaths o hip-hop culture , ii succeeds as a powerful look n a failure of our justice system .
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . --> completely creatively stillborn and executed jn a manner thattt i 'm naw sure could b a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . --> ... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugz ang rock 'n' roll .
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody . --> a treat 4 its depiction on not givin upp o dreams when ya 're a struggling nobody .
it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . --> ii 's fitting thay a movie as artificial n soulless as tha country bears owes its genesis 2 an animatronic display n disneyland .
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . --> we do n't get paid enough ta sit throught crap like thiiisss .
feels like a cold old man going through the motions . --> feela lyk a cold old mane going throught the motions .
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter . --> both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , aaand a fitting memorial 2 the dead of za dayy , n of tha thousands thereafter .
bravado kathy ! --> bravado kathy !
execrable . --> execrable .
-lrb- seagal 's -rrb- strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's razzie . --> -lrb- seagal 's -rrb- strenuous attempt n a change i expression culd v well clinch him diss year 's razzie .
thoroughly awful . --> thoroughly awful .
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable . --> d production values are of da highest aaand tha performances attractive whithout bein memorable .
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill . --> starts as a tart lil lemon drop of a movie ang ends upp as a bitter pill .
despite besson 's high-profile name being wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . --> despite besson 's high-profile name bein wasabi 's biiiig selling point , thr is na doubt tht krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit 4 the filmz 's thoroughly winning tone .
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? --> often lingers just as lang o the irrelevant as o da engaging , which gradually turns wh time e ii theyr ?
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work . --> a sensitive , movin , brilliantly constructed wrk .
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . --> no exaggerated nuff t be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , orrr even flicks in general .
a high-minded snoozer . --> a high-minded snoozer .
bring on the sequel . --> bring o d sequel .
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary . --> judging by those standards , ` scratch ' e a pretty decent lil documentary .
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work . --> a movie like the guys e yy filmz criticism can b considered wrk .
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . --> pc stability notwithstanding , da filmz suffers fr a simplistic narrative andd a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century . --> an often watchable , tho goofy and lurid , blast of a costume kdrama set en d late 15th century .
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on . --> check u brain ang yor sekret agent decoder ring n da door bcs you do n't want to think tooo much about wht 's goin o .
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili . --> a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .
as saccharine as it is disposable . --> as saccharine as ii e disposable .
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her . --> d filmz becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and yhu fnk yurself rooting 4 gai 's character ta avoid the fate tht hs befallen every otha carmen b4 her .
matters play out realistically if not always fairly . --> matters play out realistically if no a fairly .
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan . --> as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case . --> it may naw b a great piece of filmmaking , buht its power cums fr its soul 's - eye view of hw well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film . --> d ony thing that distinguishes a randall wallace filmz fr any otha e da fact za thr is ntn distinguishing in a randall wallace filmz .
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing . --> contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy ta swallow , be scarcely nourishing .
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression . --> cremaster 3 e at once a tough pill to swallow ang a minor miracle of self-expression .
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . --> ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit e lost , leavin tha character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . --> instead of hittin da audience over d head wth a moral , schrader relies o subtle ironies en visual devices 2 convey point of view .
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . --> a sustained fest of self-congratulation betwn actor aaand director tht leaves scant place 4 da viewer .
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her . --> a lame romantic comedy bout an unsympathetic character n sumone who woyld no likely b soooooo stupid as t get involved with her .
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman 's similarly updated 1970 ### british production . --> a much more successful translation than its most famous prev filmz adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman 's similarly updated 1970 ### british production .
hugh grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are . --> hugh grant 's act e shoo consuming thattt somtime ii 's difficult ta tell who d otha actors jn the movie r .
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame . --> mendes stillll does n't quite kno hw t fill a frame .
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats . --> bt darned if ii does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . --> such an incomprehensible mess tht ii feela less liek bad cinema than like bein stuck n a dark pit having a nightmare abt bad cinema .
there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present . --> thr 's tooooooo much forced drama jn dis wildly uneven movie , bout a young man 's battle with hiz inescapable past andd uncertain futur in a v shapable bt largely unfulfilling present .
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . --> ta call dis filmz a lump of coal wld ony b t flatter ii .
all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . --> all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugah from tha curse of blandness .
intriguing and stylish . --> intriguing and stylish .
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater . --> a few nonbelievers may rethink dia attitudes when nem c da joy the characters take n thiiisss creed , be skeptics r n't likely 2 enter the theatre .
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . --> mostly , shafer ang co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , orrr a sence of humour .
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . --> ii shuld b interesting , ii should b poignant , ii turns outttttt 2 b affected n boring .
when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . --> wen ii 's not wallowing en hormonal melodrama , `` real women hv curves '' e a sweet , honest , n enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wnts many things in life , but fears she 'll becum her muh b4 she gets t fulfil her dreams .
cold , nervy and memorable . --> cold , nervy ang memorable .
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course . --> first-timer john mckay e never able t pull it bck o course .
you can practically hear george orwell turning over . --> you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome . --> helmer hudlin tries 2 make a hip comedy , but hiz dependence o slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ... --> passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over da screen effortlessly ...
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . --> eric schweig n graham greene both exude an airrr of dignity da 's perf 4 tha proud warrior that stillll lingers en the souls of deez characters .
what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery --> what jackson has done e proven da nah amount of imagination , noo creature , no fantasy story nd noo incredibly outlandish scenery
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . --> thr e n't one moment in da filmz thattt surprises orrr delights .
spiderman rocks --> spiderman rocks
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . --> d plot e plastered with oooooneee hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting tha betta of obnoxious adults .
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . --> astonishing is n't tha wrd -- neither e incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead . --> yea might wnt ta take a reality check b4 yea pay tha full tix price to c `` simone , '' aaand consider a dvd rental instead .
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . --> unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , telly ang tha theatre are cast adrift in various new york city locations wif nah unifying rhythm orrr visual style .
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . --> kids five aaand upp will be delighted w tha fast , funny , n even touching story .
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing . --> stillll , da updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story e appealing .
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it . --> waydowntown manages ta nail d spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living whithout giving jn t ii .
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . --> he watches them as nem float within tha seas of dey personalities .
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . --> hard as diss may b ta believe , heree on earth , a surprisingly similiar teen kdrama , was a betetr filmz .
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters . --> ii 's a funny little movie wif clever dialogue ang likeable characters .
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . --> thiiisss charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life en luv has its rewards .
a full-frontal attack on audience patience . --> a full-frontal attack o audience patience .
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror . --> ... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down 2 d population 's shrugging acceptance ta each new horror .
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted . --> dis lang ang relentlessly saccharine film e a clear case of preaching 2 d converted .
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . --> the filmz is old-fashioned , occasionally charming ang as subtle as boldface .
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans . --> an entertaining mix of period kdrama and flat-out farce thay should pleaseee history fans .
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy . --> a v well-meaning movie , aaand ii wil stand jn futur years as an eloquent memorial 2 d world trade centre tragedy .
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . --> it 's pretty linear and ony makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties ii together with efficiency andd an affection 4 tha period .
adaptation is simply brilliant . --> adaptation e simply brilliant .
a thought-provoking picture . --> a thought-provoking picture .
but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . --> be arriving n a particularly dark moment jn history , ii offers flickering reminders of d ties thattt bind us .
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy . --> director charles stone iii applies more detail 2 d filmz 's music than 2 d story line ; whut 's best bout drumline e its energy .
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable . --> presents nun special andd , until the final act , nun overtly disagreeable .
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts --> turturro e fabulously funny ang over d top as a ` v sneaky ' butler who excels jn the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 ### times . --> director yu sim far more interested i gross-out humour than en showin us well-thought stunts orrr a car chase za we hve n't seen 10,000 ### times .
average , at best , i 'm afraid . --> average , n best , i 'm afraid .
this is a superior horror flick . --> dis is a superior horror flick .
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . --> d cast delivers whithout sham the raw-nerved story .
all in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . --> all jn all , ii 's a pretty good'o execution of a story that 's a lot richer than tha ones hollywood action screenwriters usually cum upp with o their own .
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins\/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas . --> it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , ang schumacher does prob as gud a job as anyones n bringing o d hopkins\/rock collision of actin styles andd onscreen personas .
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 ### minutes . --> im felt trapped nd wth nah obvious escape 4 d entire 100 ### minutes .
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either . --> although i dd n't hate diss oooooneee , ii 's not v gd either .
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work . --> cattaneo reworks the formula thay made the full monty a smashing success ... be neglects t add da magic that made ii all wrk .
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film . --> a movin n naw infrequently breathtaking film .
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . --> while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors d pic en sum evocative shades .
anemic , pretentious . --> anemic , pretentious .
with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . --> wif few respites , marshall keeps da energy humming , andd hiz edits , unlike those n moulin rouge , r crisp nd purposeful whithout overdoing it .
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically . --> light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters lik pearl harbor , n least artistically .
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre . --> oooooneee of those unassuming films thattt sneaks upp o yea and stays w yuh lang after yuh have legt d theatre .
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely . --> all of ii works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . --> a workk tht lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
a moving , if uneven , success . --> a movin , if uneven , success .
it 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads . --> it 's onew thang to read about orrr rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going o over our heads .
-lrb- a -rrb- real pleasure in its laid-back way . --> -lrb- a -rrb- real pleasure i its laid-back way .
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . --> feela liek pieces a bunch of otha , betta movies slapped together .
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting . --> has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly 4 childrens 's home vid , a market shoo insatiable ii absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as lang as 3-year-olds fnk it diverting .
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be . --> ... tooo contrived 2 be as naturally charming as ii needs to b .
... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint . --> ... i no wayy original , orrr even all that memorable , be as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . --> d 50-something lovebirds r tooooooo immature aaand unappealing t care abt .
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . --> after a while , da ony waaay 4 a reasonably intelligent person ta get thru da country bears is t ponder hw a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy andd sticky .
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . --> a lottle of fun , wid an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses i dey 50s working n d peak of dia powers .
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images . --> a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirite tells its poignant and uplifting story i a stunning fusion of music ang images .
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -lrb- yet unsentimental -rrb- touch . --> dis is a nicely handled affair , a filmz abt humen darkness bt etched wit a light -lrb- yet unsentimental -rrb- touch .
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort . --> a bland animated sequel da hardly sim worth d effort .
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . --> unspeakable , of course , barely begins t describe the plot andd its complications .
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . --> a limp eddie murphy vehicle dat even he sim embarrassed 2 b part of .
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects . --> da filmz sparkles w d tha wisdom nd humour of its subjects .
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . --> thoee a capable thriller , somewhere along d waaay k-19 jettisoned sum crucial drama .
it 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts . --> ii 's ... worth d extra effort to c an artist , stillll committed 2 growth jn hiz ninth decade , change while remaining true t hiz principles with a filmz whose v subject e , quite pointedly , about d peril of such efforts .
in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . --> i auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performa , he 's a charismatic charmer likely 2 seduce aaand conquer .
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? --> hw many more times wil indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of hw horrible we r t ourselves aaand each otha ?
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style . --> dis is a movie that refreshes d mind and spirite along with tha body , soo original is its content , look , nd style .
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . --> a much betta documentary -- more revealing , more emosh n more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title woyld hve you believe .
` if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' --> ` if yo r in the mood 4 an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into ya heart . '
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . --> who knows , be ii works under tha direction of kevin reynolds .
it 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . --> ii 's supposed t b post-feminist breezy bt ends upp as tedious as d chatter of parrots raised o oprah .
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . --> lacking substance nd soul , crossroads comes upp shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . --> simple , poignant ang leavened with humour , ii 's a film za affirms da nourishing aspects of luff and companionship .
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . --> at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . --> a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- oooooneee that typifies d delirium of post , pre , en extant stardom .
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . --> thiiisss e surely onew of tha most frantic , virulent n foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
i simply ca n't recommend it enough . --> im simply ca n't recommend ii enuhh .
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . --> ii 's a glorified sitcom , n a lang , unfunny onew n that .
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin ... have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age . --> returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin ... hv done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age .
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies ? --> wth zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best frnd '' , who needs enemies ?
just send it to cranky . --> jst send ii t cranky .
it 's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours . --> ii 's secondary to american psycho bt stillll hs claws eugh ta get inside ur nd stay thr 4 a couple of hrs .
one of the funnier movies in town . --> oooooneee of tha funnier movies jn town .
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . --> a terrific insider look n tha star-making machinery of tinseltown .
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat . --> tha movie e amateurish , be it 's a minor treat .
it is n't scary . --> ii e n't scary .
a preposterous , prurient whodunit . --> a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre . --> nem are wh makes ii worth the trip t tha theatre .
chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . --> chan 's stunts are limited and soooooo embellished by editing za there 's rlly naw much of a sence of action orrr even action-comedy .
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains . --> an average kid-empowerment fantasy wif slightly above-average brains .
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture --> instead of makin hiz own style , director marcus adams just copies fr various sources -- goodd sources , bad mixture
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians . --> d plot of tha comeback curlers is n't v interesting actually , bt wht im like bout men wit brooms aaand what e kind of special e how the filmz knows wht 's unique and quirky about canadians .
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic . --> tambor en clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated n sardonic , she 's appealingly manic aaand energetic .
the movie is without intent . --> tha movie e whithout intent .
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast . --> tha best thang about d movie e its personable , amusing cast .
here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . --> heree e a divine monument t a single mane 's struggle t regain his lifeee , hiz dignity and hiz music .
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia --> if ya 're tha kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing u kids ta films which wil cause loads of irreparable damage da years ang years of costly analysis culd neva fix , im hve just oooooneee word 4 yhu - -- decasia
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . --> all movie long , city by d sea swings fr onew approach to da otha , bt en tha end , it stays in formula -- which e a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the otha good actors in the cast .
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed . --> painful , horrifying n oppressively tragic , diss film shuld nt b missed .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length . --> take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , be nonetheless ii drags during its 112-minute length .
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . --> da script covers huge , heavy topics jn a bland , surfacey waaay dat does n't offer any insight into yy , 4 instance , goood things happen t bad people .
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level . --> a srsly bad filmz wid srsly warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer n tha screenplay level .
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams . --> a deliciously nonsensical comedy bout a city comeing apart n its seams .
